"paul walker's character in fast and the furious was named "brian",brian from family guy also died this week,both deaths involved cars." umm
developing story: shots fired on parliament hill, soldier shot at war memorial URL #ottawa URL
boeing wins contract to build new air force one presidential jets URL URL
nyc breaks record for snowiest day in its history URL #davidsnowie #blizzard2016 URL
obama gently guides michelle’s hand as she maneuvers drone joystick URL URL
ex-new york giants safety tyler sash, who died at 27, found to have degenerative brain disease c.t.e. - ny times URL
my heart goes out to loved ones and fans of paul walker, who died in a car wreck saturday. word is he was a really good dude. #rippaulwalker
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking-related disease URL
oregon militiamen receive fitting nickname: #yallqaeda URL URL
making my own doritos flavored mountain dew! URL
#zika virus: everything you need to know about the mosquito that spreads it URL URL
man at salad bar has to say every item aloud as he adds it to salad URL URL
#animaloftheday: the first afghan fanged deer was seen in more than 60 years! URL URL
rip roger rodas the man who died with paul walker in the fatal car crash #dontforgethim URL
lego reveals new young disabled figure after #toylikeme campaign URL URL
up to 100 masked men, dressed in black, involved in "migrant attack" in stockholm URL URL
that powerful, 40-year-old letter from lego to parents? it's real URL URL
study: 90% of workplace injuries caused by bare-knuckle boxing URL URL
"we've set the first-ever national standards limiting the amount of carbon pollution power plants" can emit —@potus: URL
astronomers say they have confirmed the existence of the galaxy's largest solar system. URL
jack white and avett brothers premiered a six-part music doc at #sundance. our report URL URL
our quote of the day is from american writer dorothy parker URL
a video has been released by isis apparently showing the murder of british hostage david haines: URL
canadian soldier who was shot at #ottawa's war memorial is a reservist serving with the argyll and sutherland highlanders in #hamilton, ont.
disney world opens new ordeal kingdom for family meltdowns URL URL
actor who played marlboro man in ads dies from smoking-related disease URL
olympics: us women win 6th straight 4x400m-relay gold, giving allyson felix 6 career golds. URL URL
fact: for the first time ever, more than 90% of americans have health coverage. #acaworks URL
paul walker died shortly after attending a charity event for his organization reach out worldwide URL
fanged deer pops up in afghanistan, 60 years after its last appearance URL URL
breaking: 3 missing afghan soldiers have been found trying to cross the border into canada, senior law enforcement source tells nbc news
paul walker's character name on fast and furious was brian. brian from family guy died in a car accident. coincidence? i think not
on this date in 1996, magic johnson returned to the nba more than four years after testing positive for hiv. URL
r.i.p paul walker, why are people making jokes about his death? not funny at all!
the on air broadcast premiere of @zaynmalik's #pillowtalk is on mtv at 8:15p. be there 🔥 URL URL
donna douglas, star of the beverly hillbillies, has passed away at 81 URL URL
d.a. to seek death in #moore, #oklahoma beheading case. #altonnolen #kellyfile URL
#sweden's interior minister says the country intends to expel up to 80,000 migrants whose applications for asylum have been rejected
@antoniofrench alleged new shooting audio of #michaelbrown / URL
breaking news: ottawa police confirm to abc news they are looking for 3 suspects, one has been 'dealt with' - URL
wind and solar could power most of the u.s. by 2030 without raising electricity prices URL URL
pentagon holds gala to celebrate 25 years of bombing iraq URL URL
just when we thought we couldn't love steve carell more, he helps carol burnett up to the #sagawards stage. ❤ URL
baseball players had "fight club" at texas high school, investigation finds: URL URL
"the typical woman who works full-time still earns 79 cents for every dollar the typical man does." —@potus URL
japan's first stealth fighter unveiled URL URL
report: microsoft trying to buy mojang, creators of minecraft URL
leonardo dicaprio is giving away $15 million to environmental causes: URL URL
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.
now he's a one-handed scientist rt @cbsnews: puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest URL
officials say at least 86 people died in the latest attack by nigeria's homegrown islamic extremists, boko haram URL
french justice minister quits in apparent protest at plan to strip citizenship from people convicted of terrorism URL
colleen hufford was a white woman, hardly worth a mention from pres. obama (unlike #ferguson) URL URL
this young woman was shot with a nerf bullet by a #ferguson police officer, she lost her eye. #humanrights #nyc #rt URL
donald trump is the least favorably viewed presidential candidate since at least 1992 URL
this audio tape played on #cnn seems to corroborate witness accounts that #darrenwilson kept shooting after #michaelbrown tried to surrender
at the war memorial in. ottawa. a soldier has been shot. they are giving him treatment now. #breaking URL
annual simulated 'madden' game made several accurate #sb49 predictions, including final score: URL URL
huh. the wall street journal reports microsoft is close to a $2b deal with mojang, aka the creators of minecraft. URL
photo: dogs of canadian reservist killed at national war memorial wait for him to return home URL URL
cdc: 31 cases of zika virus in 11 us states; all patients had traveled, 19 were to puerto rico - @blythebernhard URL
older brother of syrian boy in iconic image dies of injuries from airstrike on family home. URL URL
olympics: matthew centrowitz wins men's 1,500m race, first gold for us in event since 1908. URL URL
teacher picks wrong student to believe in every fucking year URL URL
donna douglas, who played buxom tomboy elly may clampett on the 1960s sitcom 'the beverly hillbillies,' has died: URL
a texas plumbing company's truck somehow ended up in syria's civil war URL URL
#prayforchristopher please rt/fav this it means u care and maybe chris brown will see this and will see that we care and smiles again
french police arrest woman who was with man carrying weapons & ammunition at disneyland paris hotel. URL
our thoughts and prayers are with the canadian soldier shot while guarding the national war memorial in ottawa. #ableg #cdnpoli
it wasn't even close. URL
please pray for steven sotloff, [another captive american] that #isis has threatened to behead. #tcot URL
several in critical condition - one in a coma - after clinical trial of new drug in france, health minister says URL
obama gently guides michelle’s hand as she maneuvers drone joystick URL URL
the always hilarious @shelleyhennig has taken over the @mtvteenwolf vine and it's as amazing as it sounds. URL
.@cornelwest joins @berniesanders for rally in davenport, iowa. watch live: URL URL
wth?! michelle obama tells black ppl they can go eat fried chicken after they vote. just when u thought she could not be more ghetto.
ai weiwei closes his copenhagen exhibit in protest of denmark's new asylum seeker law URL
.@potus's reforms to solitary confinement will expand treatment for the mentally ill: URL URL
update: one shooter possibly on the loose in #ottawa amid reports of shootings in the city: URL
"we have to make sure all our kids are equipped for the jobs of the future." —@potus #csforall URL
alaskan reporter says "f*ck this," quits on live tv in marijuana legalization protest: URL URL
gop strategist says trump supporters are "childless single men who masturbate to anime" URL URL
retreating clinton campaign torches iowa town to slow advance of sanders volunteers URL URL
another letter to parents, included in 1970s lego sets URL URL
spiders ↑ scientist finds puppy-sized spider in rainforest. sit. stay. forever. URL URL
audio may have captured michael brown shooting URL
paul walker's friends and castmates poured out their hearts overnight URL #rippaulwalker
mike pence: "when donald trump becomes president, we won't be pay ransom to terrorists or terror-sponsoring states." URL
rip to the driver who was also killed along with paul walker who no one seems to care about... URL
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL
ooooh my, d-rose. URL
hewlett-packard will split into two companies to adapt to a changing technology landscape URL
this was team usa's largest margin of victory in a gold-medal game since the dream team beat croatia by 32 in 1992. URL
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.
still cah believe paul walker died r.i.p paul walker r.i.p brian o'connor r.i.p fast & furious URL
breaking news: one soldier has died after ottawa shooting, suspect(s) still at large - URL
actor abe vigoda, known for roles in 'the godfather' and 'barney miller,' has died. URL URL
update: reports of gunfire inside the halls of the canadian parliament building in #ottawa: URL
man walks in south american rainforest at night, sees spider the size of a small puppy URL
kendall jenner and a$ap rocky are "full-on dating" — exclusive details! URL URL
celebrities, friends and co-stars react to paul walker's tragic death. #rippaulwalker URL URL
corporal nathan cirillo, shot dead at #ottawa war memorial today, was 24. reservist was member of argyll and sutherland highlanders #cdnpoli
ottawa shooting: how events unfolded, first shots fired at 9:52 a.m. at the war memorial URL URL
hey. can we take a minute (or all the minutes) to talk about @niallofficial + his glasses? URL URL
oregon domestic terrorists now destroying public property in earnest URL URL
explorer henry worsley dies after suffering exhaustion and dehydration during solo antarctic crossing attempt URL
police say they have located car belonging to suspect in #ottawa shooting. uniformed soldier shot at war memorial, condition unknown.
canadian government offices are locked down in ottawa after an armed attack: URL URL
cam newton and steph curry have more in common than just north carolina. here's proof: URL URL
the five movie roles that made us fall in love with paul walker URL #rippaulwalker URL
donna douglas, known for role as elly may clampett on "the beverly hillbillies," dies. URL URL
sugarhill gang's big bank hank dies at 57 URL URL
this cartoon is the perfect tribute to nathan cirillo #ottawashooting URL URL
these aerial photos of dutch tulip fields are stunning URL URL
portland cops complete delivery after pizza hut driver injured in crash URL URL
i'm sorry, but i can't do anything today because i'll be watching #pillowtalk on repeat: URL URL
awful mt @scclemons:uk aid worker david haines beheaded by #isis remember this great man this way not as isis wants URL
rip alan rickman, who gave us villains to root for URL URL
paul walker's genuinely admirable history of organizing & participating in international disaster relief missions: URL
update: photo of suspect, alton nolen, in moore, okla. beheading released. URL URL
report: more american fifth-graders taking gap year to unwind before middle school URL URL
paul walker's death keeps getting more ironic... the driver, roger rodas, was a former racecar driver #rip URL
a rare white giraffe has been spotted in tanzania... perhaps the only one in the world. URL URL
that powerful letter from lego to parents from the 1970s? it's real URL URL
it was a long, dark day in ottawa. a timeline of the attack: URL #ottawashooting URL
reporter charlo green quit on air to start a marijuana business URL will quitting on tv pay off? URL
officials took away this halloween decoration after reports of it being a real suicide victim. 2003 URL
suspected suicide car bomb blast near russian embassy in afghan capital, kabul - reports URL
happy birthday, @potus! URL
britain's johanna konta clinches australian open semi-final place by beating zhang shuai 6-4 6-1 in melbourne URL
woke up to news of paul walker's death and a train derailment in the bronx that left at least 4 dead. have to remember how lucky we can be.
when you spend the whole day thinking it's friday, but it's not... URL
r.i.p. to roger rodas, the guy that died with paul walker. he's human too URL
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL
hewlett-packard to split pc and printer business from corporate hardware and services: URL $hpq URL
american leadership in action: iran's four pathways to a nuclear weapon have now been blocked. #irandeal URL
officials: boko haram burns kids alive in nigeria, kill 86 people: URL
reports of an active gunman at san diego navy medical centre URL
this is the driver that died in the accident with paul walker. don't forget about him just because he's not famous. URL
2 people killed & 3 hurt at seattle area homeless encampment, police say. the shooter is at large. URL
doctor of "concussion" fame willing to "bet my medical license" that o.j. simpson has cte: URL URL
#rcmp news conference on #ottawa shootings expected to begin momentarily. watch live @ URL
american swimmers who claimed that they were robbed in rio should apologize to residents, brazilian police said. URL
home. URL
here's what @potus keeps in his pockets to remind himself of the people he meets along the way. #youtubeasksobama URL
caitlyn jenner mourns the loss of bruce: "maybe he didn't deserve to be gone." URL URL
sugarhill gang's big bank hank dies -- dead at 57 from cancer URL
saudi prince takes on trump on twitter: "i bailed you out twice" URL URL
congress allocates $90 million to protect remaining eagles members URL URL
from @otlonespn: baylor faces accusations of ignoring sex assault claims against athletes, not supporting victims: URL
what was your favorite moment from this week's #teenwolf? watch + let me know: URL URL
apple reports slowest iphone sales growth since product's 2007 launch URL
i can't belive people are comparing paul walker's death to brian from family guy. shows how stupid and ignorant people are.
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous
#ceres captured by dawn spacecraft. check out those bright spots! video: URL URL
#workplace hero shoots #altonnolen #stabbings #beheading priors drugs/manhunt, recent radical convert #judicialgrinds URL
update - french media: 28-year-old man carrying two guns arrested at #eurodisney near #paris was carrying box of bullets & copy of the koran
breaking news: u.s. detects activity in north korea suggesting plans toward space launch
let's let our friends know that a state senator in south carolina stated "women are a lesser cut of meat" #chewonthis URL
photos of the day URL URL
r.i.p roger rodas the man who died with paul walker that everybody forgot about.. #rippaulwalker #riprogerrodas URL
the @who sets up zika "emergency team" after "explosive" spread of the virus URL URL
in the wake of paul walker's tragic death, what's the future of the @fastfurious movies? URL #rippaulwalker
today’s work world requires continuous growth and learning. here's a process to decide what skill to work on next: URL
dog dies after protecting 8-month-old baby girl from house fire in baltimore URL URL
saudi cleric proclaims snowman-building 'anti-islamic' (photos, video) URL URL
dogs of canadian reservist killed at national war memorial wait for him to return home URL URL
thanks to the #irandeal, iran's four pathways to a nuclear weapon have been blocked → URL URL
al-shabaab leader ahmed abdi godane killed in monday's u.s. airstrike in somalia, pentagon says. URL
meet the south american goliath birdeater -- a spider the size of a puppy: URL URL
let's please remember the victim in the ok beheading, colleen hufford-> rt "victim was loving grandma" URL via @nypost
our daughters should get paid the same as our sons for doing the same work. period. URL URL
study finds girls outperforming future employers in school URL URL
a golden send-off. in his final olympics, carmelo anthony becomes the first man to win three hoops gold medals. URL
why the year's most anticipated pop lp, rihanna's 'anti,' is an inward-searching curveball URL URL
paul walker died too fast, i'm furious.. :/
after 40-year ban, u.s. starts exporting crude oil URL URL
1 billion young people will start work in the next decade—only 40% in jobs that now exist URL URL
maoist cult leader aravindan balakrishnan jailed for 23 years for string of sex assaults in london URL
after two weeks, thousands of gravity falls fans completed this global scavenger hunt URL URL
live: follow the #nye2016 celebrations around the world. currently live from sydney: URL URL
jose canseco accidentally shot himself in the hand at his las vegas home URL URL
amid the chaos of winning gold, @neymarjr found a moment with his son. URL
the way we live is social, connecting people and information all over the world. shouldn't we work the same way? URL
.@potus's favorite movie of the year? hint: he loves saying "science the heck out of this thing" #youtubeasksobama URL
one person dead, many taken to hospital after shootings, stabbing at denver coliseum, police say. URL
when an iowa man asked ted cruz an uncomfortable question, the room went silent URL URL
have you seen our exclusive @batmanvsuperman pics yet? URL URL
r.i.p. roger rodas, the ceo/racer who died with paul walker yesterday. he was originally from santa ana, el salvador.
watch @potus and @flotus share their favorite olympic memories—and cheer on #teamusa: URL URL
report: spider URL
new info on the crash that killed paul walker URL #rippaulwalker
a puppy-sized spider was found in south america and is now known as the 'south american goliath birdeater.' URL
late actor paul walker's admirable history of organizing & participating in international disaster relief missions: URL
canada parliament shooting: - active shooter - 3 separate shooting sites - 3 injd - multiple gunmen - 1 soldier dead URL
deadline to enroll for 2016 health coverage is almost here—sign up by jan. 31: URL #getcovered URL
seth rogen has been cast as steve wozniak in the steve jobs biopic starring christian bale. URL URL
2 new victims en route to ottawa hospital; 1 shot, both non-life-threatening, hospital says - @michaelctv, @cbcnews URL
eric lawson, former 'marlboro man' in cigarette ads dies of smoking-related disease URL URL
"i believe we’ve got to take steps to modernize our unemployment insurance system." —@potus URL URL
nestlé usa has issued a recall of hot pockets. see the varieties affected: URL
breaking news: ottawa police confirm at least 3 separate shooting sites and multiple suspects - URL
top snowfall totals by state #blizzard2016 URL
latest update: attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at national war memorial URL URL
traffic camera accidentally snaps beautiful photo of a snowy owl — URL URL
hp confirmed that it's splitting into two companies. and cutting 5,000 jobs. URL $hp URL
cnn: new audio reveals 10 shots fired at michael brown. cluster of 6... a pause... and then 4 more URL
dammit, janet! fox’s rocky horror picture show casts @victoriajustice URL URL
so-called islamic state's propaganda magazine confirms british militant known as jihadi john died in november URL
adam we should do a test with this spider! ...adam? URL URL
an unexpected bond has developed between damaged parrots and traumatized veterans URL URL
first on cnn: @tommychong wants @berniesanders for next "commander in kush" URL URL
"ted cruz is by far the most consistent conservative in that crowd." URL | ap photo URL
no evidence found of gunfire at naval medical center san diego, but building search continues, military says. URL
today marks 71 yrs since the liberation of auschwitz, “city of death” URL #holocaustmemorialday URL
icymi: mammoth bones from the ice age were unearthed at oregon state's football stadium. URL URL
paul walker's co-stars take to twitter to share their condolences following his death URL #rippaulwalker #teampw
sister ❤️ @kyliejenner @kourtneykardash at the #instyleglobes bash #goldenglobes URL
erm, will, that's not quite what we asked. let us know where you stand on #batman and #superman with '#empirebvs'. URL
fan of "fast & furious" actor paul walker shocked by his death as memorial grows URL URL
the last photo of paul walker, taken just before the crash that killed him. rip URL
this photo was taken by a tourist at the national war memorial, shortly before nathan cirillo was shot and killed. URL
still sobbing over @onedirection's #1dhistoryvideo, hbu? URL URL
oracle is finally killing, java. rest in hell, java. URL URL
so sad to learn big bank hank has passed away--the sugarhill gang rapper was 57. URL URL
listen to our live special coverage of parliament hill shooting here URL URL
man who died after being shot with taser by police in shropshire believed to be ex-football star dalian atkinson URL
#kevinvickers hailed as hero who took down attacker at parliament hill URL #ottawashooting URL
tmz posted this two days before paul walker died ..... #illuminati URL
oregon police officers step in and make delivery after pizza hut driver gets injured in a car crash: URL #odd
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.
as of january 12th, microsoft will no longer support internet explorer 8, 9 or 10. URL
alaskan reporter says "f*ck this," quits on live tv — her coworker's reaction is priceless: URL URL
police, bystanders and soldiers rushed in to help after the memorial shooting in ottawa URL URL
he was severus snape. he was the sheriff of nottingham. he was alexander dane. he was, of course, hans gruber. we are devastated.
stephen curry is taking—and making—more absurdly long 3-pointers than ever. URL via @wsjsports URL
congratulations, jennifer lawrence! URL #oscarnoms #oscars URL
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking-related disease... URL
some #wednesdaywisdom from #thelionking 🌟 URL
microsoft to buy mojang for $2 billion - report. deal to be finalised as early as this week. URL URL
.@justinbieber and @kendalljenner strip down for their new @calvinklein ads: URL 😍 URL
.@eamaddennfl successfully predicted the final score of #sb49. yes, it's true: URL URL
german forest ranger finds that trees have social networks, too URL URL
after an absence of 65 years, the afghan fanged deer has returned URL URL
'madden 15' predicted the patriots would win 28-24. which is exactly what happened. URL
paul kantner, founding member of jefferson airplane, dies at 74, publicist says - san francisco gate URL
the real takeaway from the #gopdebate? this ted cruz snub. URL
clinton: "every single american should be outraged" by what's happening in flint, mich. #nprdebate
al arabiya television station says three americans have reportedly been kidnapped in baghdad in iraq
fanged deer spotted in afghanistan for the first time in 65yrs URL rt @independent mt @thewcs cc URL
#assholeoftheday sen. thomas corbin, for saying women are "a lesser cut of meat" URL URL
we send our deepest condolences to the family and friends of paul walker and roger rodas. URL URL
chat about @mtvteenwolf with @mandaaabearr + @kaitiii URL
happy #nationalhugday URL
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa URL URL
'fast and furious' cast mourns paul walker's death URL
morocco says it has arrested a belgian national linked to men who carried out paris attack, in which 130 people died URL
halftime in rio. usa: 52 serbia: 29 kevin durant: 24 we see you, kd. URL
more: ottawa shootings suspect identified as michael zehaf-bibeau, 32; unclear if there are other shooters: URL
they left syria in 2013 for a camp in jordan and arrived in detroit last week. their story URL URL
eagles guitarist glenn frey has died, the band announces URL
kate winslet and leonardo dicaprio #sagawards embrace, we repeat kate and leo sag awards embrace. ❤ URL
apparently microsoft are trying to buy mojang, the creators of minecraft, for around $2 billion... o_o
five people killed and two others seriously wounded in school shooting in western canada, pm justin trudeau says URL
saudi cleric proclaims snowman-building 'anti-islamic' (photos, video) URL URL
hard to believe paul walker died yesterday. no more fast & furious. way too young. #rip URL
david haines 'beheading': isis release video claiming to show execution of british hostage URL URL
his movies brought thrills and laughter to millions. can't believe he died in car crash rip paul walker URL
cxn: 1 gunman shot dead in parliament hill attack, soldier shot in ottawa URL no report soldier dead. #ottawashooting
man who saw gunman shoot canadian soldier at war memorial says shooter "raised his arms in triumph": URL
james mcavoy makes that another vote for #batman. do you agree? let us know with '#empirebvs'. URL
rip kenny baker, the actor behind legendary star wars droid r2-d2: URL URL
it's official. 2015 was officially the hottest year ever. and 2016 will be even hotter URL URL
paul walker's last pic before his death in car accident :'( #rip #paulwalker URL
new audio recording reveals shots, pause, more shots at mike brown killing.more shots than 6 fired. URL
microsoft is reportedly buying 'minecraft' developer mojang for $2 billion URL
pentagon confirms ahmed abdi godane, a leader of the al shabaab islamist group, was killed in a u.s. airstrike: URL
r.i.p to roger rodas who died alongside paul walker URL
islamic state video purports to show beheading of british hostage david haines; officials can't confirm- @dailymirror URL
ben simmons could be 1st sec player since shaq to average a 20-10. t-minus 2 hours till he faces no. 1 ou on espn. URL
study: 90% of workplace injuries caused by bare-knuckle boxing URL URL
goliath encounter: puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest @beargrylls @midnight URL URL
breaking news photo gallery: parliament hill attacked, soldier shot at national war memorial URL URL
a canadian soldier has been shot at the country's national war memorial near parliament. URL URL
he's 17 and can squat 875(!) pounds. joseph pena is not of this world. URL
uk #krispykreme apologizes for 'kkk wednesday' customer promo. URL URL
more: canadian soldier shot at war memorial has died; one of three suspected gunmen also dead, police say: URL
the end is nigh: pepsi is testing doritos-flavored mountain dew. yes, for real: URL
al-shabab militants overrun african union base in somalia, amid unconfirmed claims of dozens of soldiers killed URL
former 3 doors down guitarist matt roberts has died at age 38, according to his father. URL URL
confirmed: this is irrelevant. rt @ksdknews: confirmed: #mikebrown had no criminal record. URL #ferguson
it's time to make two years of community college free for responsible students → URL URL
scientist discover a puppy-sized spider in the rainforest, better known as the 'nope' spider URL URL
"we’ve still got to make sure women aren’t penalized or held back in the workplace simply for starting a family. " —@potus #womensucceed
shooting investigation going on for more than 3 hours. much of downtown ottawa still in lockdown: URL #cbcott #ottnews
who from krispy kreme thought "kkk wednesday" would be a good idea? URL URL
cpl. nathan cirillo pictured on the left, minutes before he was shot at the war memorial today. #cbcott #ottnews URL
"let's not make the next two weeks about a 'black qb.' let's just talk about the greatness of this guy." -c. barkley URL
update: police confirm former baseball star jose canseco shot himself in his left hand in an accidental shooting - cnn
research on which matters more: "leadership qualities" or competence URL URL
the government's spare room subsidy or #bedroomtax has been declared discriminatory by court of appeal judges following two legal challenges
uk mother tareena shakil, who took son to syria, guilty of joining so-called islamic state and encouraging terror URL
"an extraordinary broadcaster" - tributes paid to sir terry wogan who has died aged 77 URL URL
watch donald trump tell megyn kelly, back in 2012, that skipping debates is cowardly URL URL
fact: florida state university shooter's last facebook status was bible verse (matthew 5:3)..imagine if it was quran: URL
dog found abandoned at scottish train station with suitcase filled with it's belongings: URL URL
say "aloha" to the happiest, healthiest u.s. states! 1. hawaii 2. alaska 3. montana URL URL
.@camilacabello97 played around with @justinbieber's #loveyourself and the outcome is absolutely beautiful. URL
breaking: police operation at bataclan concert venue over, two attackers killed: bfm tv URL
a #gilmoregirls revival is coming to @netflix, with @thelaurengraham and @alexisbledel URL URL
"as the affordable care act has taken effect, nearly 18 million americans have gained coverage" —@potus URL
just in: missing afghan soldiers found trying to enter canada near niagara falls URL URL
cpl. nathan cirillo, 24, identified as the soldier who was shot, killed at the war memorial today. #cbcott #ottnews URL
that powerful letter from lego to parents from the 1970s? it's real URL URL
paul walker was doing good and giving back on the day of his tragic death: URL
breaking: video claims to show beheading of british aid worker david haines by #isis.
one direction fans have a lot of mixed emotions about zayn's #pillowtalk. what do you think? URL URL
poll: five percent of americans would vote harambe the dead ape for president URL URL
one more day until friday... URL
pepsi is currently taste-testing doritos flavored mountrain dew. would you try it? URL URL
alaskan reporter says "f*ck this," quits on live tv — her coworker's reaction is priceless: URL URL
michael jackson told oprah he doesn't want a white actor playing him in 1993 URL URL
deadline: if you don't have health insurance, you've only got one more day to #getcovered: URL URL
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking -related disease URL via @fox411
sources: calvin johnson told detroit lions he plans on retiring from the nfl. URL URL
yes, trump really said, "the whites don't get any nominations" at the bet awards: URL URL
talk times @ 2nd brk cruz 13:18 rubio 12:01 trump 10:30 paul 9:00 christie 8:39 bush 8:27 kasich 8:21 carson 7:55 fiorina 7:27 #nprdebate
a letter from @lego_group in the 1970s, boxed in with the toys via @s8mb @hfdsp #gender #equality URL
.@berniesanders: @hillaryclinton's emails are a "very serious issue" URL URL
"every single one of us deserves the rights, freedoms, and opportunities to fulfill our dreams." —@potus #roe43 URL
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.
former baseball slugger jose canseco accidentally shot himself in the left hand, police say. URL
'outrage' is an understatement >> irs sent $46,378,040 in refunds to 23,994 ‘unauthorized’ aliens at 1 atl address URL
"as fdr once said: 'there is nothing so american as our national parks'" —@potus #nps100 #findyourpark URL
@realpaulwalker died in a fiery car crash. @fastfurious filmmakers will commemorate his legacy by dedicating the next six sequels to him.
make way for leonardo dicaprio. #sagawards ❤ URL
r.i.p rodger rodas the guy no one seems to care about because he's not famous (died with paul walker) URL
the canadian soldier shot at the war memorial in ottawa has died, according to two members of parliament. live blog: URL
live: dubai hotel on fire near the burj khalifa tower. URL URL
oregon community helps mother after boy punished for being tardy due to vehicle problems: URL URL
the rcmp and ottawa police news conference is beginning now. watch live: URL #cbcott #ottnews
federal reserve declines to raise key interest rate, citing slowing economic growth. URL URL
surreal photos out of ottawa: this is a vip being escorted on sparks street URL URL
.@bilodope @emilybett @aishataylor at the #instyleglobes bash #goldenglobes URL
convicted killer levi bellfield finally admits to murder of schoolgirl milly dowler in 2002, police say URL
ex-president of el salvador, francisco flores, dies at 56, government says. URL URL
krispy kreme hull is advertising kkk wednesday. i don't know. i do not know. URL
icymi: tom brady penned a heartfelt thank-you note to patriots fans. URL URL
#prayforchristopher 5k run .. well we are walking lol @savannahn_2012 @lemongella URL
this week in sports: bill belichick visits hospital to watch terminally ill fan die URL URL
this is @jackalltimelow asking you to watch the #vma #weekendbrunch that's starting right now. 🙌 URL
actor eric lawson who portrayed the marlboro man dies from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: URL
every summer since taking office, our interns surprised @potus with a birthday card. #tbt to the 1st one from 2009: URL
why digital companies need more liberal arts majors: creativity, empathy, and listening are more important than ever URL
briton who filmed himself abusing girls as young as eight in the philippines sentenced in uk to more than 19 years URL
update: uk prime minister david #cameron describes apparent beheading of david #haines as 'an act of pure evil' URL
marlboro man dies of smoking-related disease URL URL
marlboro ad man eric lawson dies of chronic lung disease URL @guardianworld
icymi: this wayne selden dunk was absolutely absurd. URL
meet quasimodo, the dog with the short spine URL URL
starbucks is experimenting with a beer-flavored latte that reportedly tastes like guinness URL
fact: up to 129 million americans with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied coverage. #acaworks URL
taliban says it is behind #bachakhanuniattack that left at least 19 dead, pakistani media report URL
us olympic swimmers "invented" robbery story to cover up petrol station altercation, rio police sources tell bbc URL
house for sale. asking price? super bowl 50 tickets. well-played, steelers fan. URL URL
"our children should not have to be worried about the water that they're drinking" —@potus on the situation in flint URL
.@danaperino​: "if i were in... legal trouble, i would call @hillaryclinton to find out how do you get out of it." URL
✨ happy #gossipgirlday ✨ URL
uk home secretary theresa may says litvinenko's murder was "blatant and unacceptable" breach of international law URL
remembering paul walker: fast and furious star was "so happy" hours before his tragic death URL
area dad just wants to watch one 7-hour block of television without interruption URL URL
10 ways lean startup methodology can impact your business URL by @scottgerber
fast & furious franchise responds to paul walker's death: URL URL
nigerian islamist group boko haram releases video purporting to show kidnapped chibok schoolgirls URL
ferguson police chief: officer involved in shooting of michael brown was darren wilson, a 6-year veteran with no disciplinary record
confirmed: #mikebrown had no criminal record. URL #ferguson URL
1 shot at war memorial in canada's capital. URL
scene at ottawa war memorial. soldier on duty shot. URL
pope francis again appears to suggest progress, but just makes false claims, as his religious belief requires of him URL
a touching tribute to a fallen soldier URL URL
from the vault: anatomical maquettes of fanciful creatures URL URL
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL
from the bb vault: donald trump's dad arrested in kkk brawl with cops URL URL
america’s biggest toy company is changing the most famous body in the world URL URL
"i almost started crying ... but i didn't want them to make me the crying face instead of jordan." --draymond green URL
fanged deer pops up in afghanistan, 60 years after its last appearance URL URL
paul walker's death brought out the worst in some twitter users. i compiled the stupidity for @vice URL
zika fever: a newly emerging disease is threatening the americas URL URL
disease spread by bugs that bite your face as you sleep is found in the us URL URL
#oscarnoms: nominations for best picture URL URL
fast and furious 7 "delayed" but "won't be scrapped" following paul walker's death: report URL
texas health officials say 2nd person to test positive for ebola at dallas hospital did treat thomas eric duncan: URL
oklahoma beheading suspect alton nolen ordered held without bond URL URL
nicoderm introduces new nicotine eye patch URL URL
that powerful lego letter to parents from the 1970s? it's real URL URL
madden nfl 15 simulation correctly predicted the super bowl's final score. URL URL
#oklahoma prosecutor files formal notification that he will seek death penalty for beheading suspect #altonnolen. #kellyfile
“r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous” omg:(
this dog was abandoned at a scottish railway station with a suitcase full of his belongings URL URL
at least 45 killed in triple bombing near damascus URL
matt taibbi has left first look media. sorry to see him go. a great talent and we wish him well. URL
paul walker was "so happy" hours before his tragic death URL
scientist releases this horrifying picture of a puppy-sized spider he found in the rainforest URL URL
happy 74th birthday, stephen hawking! URL
officials took away this halloween decoration after reports of it being a real suicide victim. it is still unknown. URL
the challenges saudi women face as they vote and stand in elections for the first time 📺 URL URL
canadian cpl. nathan cirillo killed by gunman while guarding canada's national war memorial: URL URL
the canadian soldier shot at the war memorial has died, officials reported. URL #ottawashooting URL
russian fighter came within 15 feet of u.s. air force jet. URL URL
let's stop calling her the lady who was beheaded, etc. that dehumanizes her. she was colleen hufford. people loved her. she had a life.
watchdog says iran has taken all steps to start implementing nuclear deal, paving way for lifting of sanctions URL
teenage girl 'made up' migrant rape claim that caused uproar in germany URL
part 1: nate diaz part 2: conor mcgregor can we expect a trilogy? URL
changing jobs? going back to school? small business owner? here's how the affordable care act is working for you. URL
doctors should screen all adults for depression at least once, task force recommends. URL
breaking: hollande decides state of emergency for all of france, borders closed. URL URL
update: attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at war memorial URL #ottawashooting URL
iraq executes 36 jihadists over 2014 massacre of up to 1,700 army recruits at camp speicher URL
more than a million observations by amateur bird watchers helped collect data for this map URL URL
google south american goliath birdeater. helllll noooooo✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋✋
are two hewlett-packards better than one? how the new h-ps would look: URL URL
boss wants friendly, relaxed company culture in place by friday URL URL
updated | attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at national war memorial: URL #cbcott #ottnews
starbucks is testing a new latte that tastes exactly like guinness: URL URL
in new york city, marijuana may mean ticket, not arrest URL
the las vegas raiders? URL URL
update: ottawa police confirm gunman in canada shooting shot and killed. search on for possible additional gunmen. URL
wtf. rt @pourmecoffee: hello everyone. "puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest" URL URL
hostages taken and people killed in attack on burkina faso hotel by militants, foreign minister says URL
extraordinarily sad news. the guardian is reporting that the great alan rickman has died at the age of 69. URL
cdc has confirmed that the patient in dallas has tested positive for the ebola virus. we'll have more coming up on khou 11 news at 4 p.m.
u.s. navy sends ship near contested island in south china sea to challenge claims by china, taiwan and vietnam. URL
videos show suffering of starving in syrian town of #madaya. URL URL
sugarhill gang's big bank hank dies at 57 from cancer URL URL
her father shot her in the head, as an "honor killing" URL via @nytopinion URL
two gunmen killed in pakistan university attack, police say, with reports others still firing URL
on cnn alton nolen's mother (the oklahoma man who beheaded a coworker) said "there are two sides to every story!" he cut a woman's head off!
happy #lefthandersday URL
turkey claims russian plane violated its airspace and summons ambassador URL
legendary egalitarian 1970s letter from lego to parents URL
michigan gov. @onetoughnerd: #flintwatercrisis may affect "many more" children. URL URL
dramatic photos from @wcuddington on the scene in ottawa URL URL
im still on that paul walker situation i can't believe he died especially in a car.
a pregnant woman lost her eye after getting shot with a police bean bag round while she was in her car in #ferguson: URL
after initial dq, us women reinstated, will re-run 4x100m relay in bid to make final. URL URL
r.i.p paul walker.... he died doing what he loved... and that's going fast. URL
hewlett-packard plans to split into two companies: wsj report URL
"i’ve got a plan to help make sure all our kids get an opportunity to learn computer science." —@potus #csforall URL
paul walker mourned by vin diesel and more 'fast & furious' co-stars URL #rippaulwalker URL
breaking: microsoft is near a deal to buy minecraft maker mojang URL
.@realdonaldtrump's son, eric, slams @hillaryclinton & @potus for their response to flooding in #louisiana. URL
how 2 little-known actors became the obamas URL URL
rip roger rodas, the man who died with paul walker. #rippaulwalker #riprogerrodas URL
the scene at the war memorial in ottawa URL URL
irs sent $46,378,040 in refunds to 23,994 ‘unauthorized’ aliens at 1 atlanta address | cns news URL via @sharethis
dorm room decorated with empty bottles of adderall URL
 URL to end operations next week: URL
siege over at burkina faso hotel taken by suspected islamist gunmen, but reports say nearby hotel attacked URL
donald trump admits he says horrible things just to keep people interested in him URL URL
the stuff of nightmares: this guy ran into a puppy sized spider. in a rainforest. at night. URL URL
in announcing split, hewlett-packard also boosted the number of its expected layoffs by 5,000 to 55,000. URL $hpq
young people have the power and potential to change the world. happy #youthday! URL URL
so paul walker is still alive ? dead or alive sia ?! #paulwalker URL
appeal court judges rule so-called bedroom tax is discriminatory in two cases brought against uk government URL
"madden nfl 15" not only predicted a patriots victory over the seahawks, but also predicted the final score of 28-24: URL
this young warriors fan wants riley curry to be his valentine. what does pops have to say about that? URL
francis teaches you how to make your own doritos flavored mountain dew! watch: URL then share! :) URL
r.i.p roger rodas the man who died with paul walker that everybody forgot about.. #rippaulwalker #riprogerrodas URL
.@potus in the oval office on a snowy afternoon at the white house. URL
"this ball feels a little flat to me!" icymi: von miller joked about the patriots football he intercepted: URL
this dog was abandoned at a scottish railway station with a suitcase full of his belongings URL URL
donna douglas, who played elly may on "beverly hillbillies," has died at 81: URL (bill haber, ap) URL
phil robertson: "the reason i'm going for @tedcruz is that cruz loves god and james madison." @teamcavuto URL
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous.
prime minister harper on ottawa attack: 'we will not be intimidated. canada will never be intimidated' - live video URL
more: tesla motors picks nevada as home of new electric car battery factory, beating 4 other states: URL
this lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL
kevin vickers hailed as hero who took down attacker at parliament hill: URL #cbcott #ottnews URL
nothing to see here. just nuggets forward wilson chandler catching a 350-pound fish: URL URL
meet the south american goliath birdeater -- a spider the size of a puppy: URL URL
can new audio help the michael brown investigation? listen to what an attorney says could be key to the investigation URL
most companies pay little attention to how employees are feeling. this is a mistake. URL URL
"look at this stage, this is what we talk about when we talk about diversity. " #sagawards URL
.@drzuhdijasser: "it's disgraceful that this is...the mosque that [@potus] picked to be the first visit." @ffweekend URL
olympics: usain bolt wins 200m gold, staying on track for 3 golds in 3 events at 3 olympics URL URL
fast & furious 7 might still come out even after paul walker's death URL
dog found abandoned at scottish train station with suitcase of belongings (photo: spca) URL URL
islamic state has confirmed 'jihadi john' is dead following reports he was killed in a drone strike in raqqa last year
unpopular police officer thinking about committing racially motivated offense for a little support URL
police officers deliver the pie after pizza hut driver injured in crash URL URL
family says 'beverly hillbillies' actress donna douglas is dead at age 81 - @nbc12 URL
apple just invented the pencil. #appleevent URL
canada parliament shooting: - still active shooter - 3 separate shooting sites - multiple gunmen - 1 gunmen dead URL
hero: kevin vickers moments after shooting dead canadian parliament attacker - URL / URL
poland says cannot accept migrants under eu quotas after paris attacks. more updates: URL URL
bbc reports that broadcaster sir terry wogan has died of cancer aged 77
bernie sanders and donald trump continue to hold wide leads in new hampshire primary races, cnn/wmur poll finds. URL
.@selenagomez was on the prowl for hot guys at the #instyleglobes after-party: URL URL
icymi: joe parsons's snowmobile sit-n-spin backflip was unreal. see more epic #xgames action on abc all afternoon: URL
hello everyone. "puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest" URL URL
just in: isis video claims to show beheading of british citizen URL
.@potus announces new rule aimed to advance #equalpay URL URL
watch: paul walker's last trailer for the film hours. the movie is set to release in two weeks. URL
a tiny alpine town in northern italy just welcomed its first baby in 28 years 🍼👶 URL URL
donald trump spokesperson decried lack of "pure breeds" running for president URL URL
paul walker dies, millions cried. millions died of human hunger, no one simply gives a fk.
smart people are as racist as less-smart people—but smart enough to hide it: URL URL
19-year-old girl wakes up during brain surgery, asks doctors ‘how’s it going?’ URL via @foxnewshealth
dog finds absolutely perfect place to shit URL
how to raise a creative child step one: back off URL URL
report: breast-feeding increase could save more than 800,000 lives annually URL URL
hp confirmed that it's splitting into two companies. and cutting 5,000 jobs. URL $hp URL
north korea says it has arrested a us student on charges of committing a "hostile act" URL
virginia woolf was born today in 1882. listen to the only known recording of her voice here. URL URL
crowd chants 'do your job!' at cnn crew... URL
man helps woman to safety before being crushed to death by elevator in nyc URL URL
police in #ottawa cannot confirm whether gunman shot dead in parliament is the same person that shot and killed soldier at the war memorial,
maximum-security inmates just destroyed the harvard debate team in prison competition. URL URL
good news: 185 businesses answered @potus's call to give americans with a criminal record a fair chance at a future. URL
rip elly may clampett: so sad to learn #beverlyhillbillies star donna douglas has passed away. URL
hp confirms that it's splitting into two companies. and cutting 5,000 jobs. URL $hp URL
this letter to parents from a 1970s lego set is years ahead of its time URL URL
the sugarhill gang's big bank hank has died at 57: URL URL
the times editorial board endorses hillary clinton for the democratic nomination URL via @nytopinion
at least three french soldiers killed in avalanche in the alps during training exercise - french media URL
forty percent of germans say merkel should resign over refugee policy: poll - URL URL
donna douglas, known for role as elly may clampett on 'the beverly hillbillies', dies: URL URL
#tesla reportedly selects nevada to build massive $5 billion battery plant URL via @foxcarreport URL
this dog was abandoned at a scottish railway station with a suitcase full of his belongings URL URL
an american woman on vacation in grenada was killed after she was attacked by a man with a machete. URL
justin bieber must be loving himself right now. URL
"we’ve achieved this historic progress through diplomacy, without resorting to another war in the middle east." —@potus #irandeal
hewlett-packard to split pc, printer business from corporate hardware, according to reports URL URL
hard work, focus, and a dream—that’s the spirit of @michaelphelps. tonight, we congratulate him and all of @teamusa on making history.
ottawa police confirm that there were multiple suspects in the shooting, saying there were "possibly 3" shooters. URL
we only have one thing to say about that giant goliath birdeater spider: URL URL
we've only got one planet. watch @potus share the progress we've made to protect it. #actonclimate URL
fast and furious 7 "delayed" but "won't be scrapped" following paul walker's death: report URL
us justice department will phase out use of privately owned prisons, citing safety concerns URL
tesla says it's broken ground near reno, nevada for a $5 billion battery plant: URL URL
bowie's last album was 'parting gift' for fans, in carefully planned finale URL URL
judge issues search warrants, seizure of passports for 2 us swimmers, including ryan lochte, around alleged robbery. URL
#oscarnoms: nominations for best actress in a leading role URL URL
fbi probing alleged audio of michael brown shooting URL URL
pregnant #ferguson woman blind after being shot in face by police bean bag URL (video) URL
leo's first sag. #sagawards URL
man who portrayed the marlboro man in the 1970s dies from smoking-related disease URL
did speed play a part in paul walker's death? URL
breaking: tesla to choose nevada for gigafactory, sources tell cnbc. URL
update: 'most of downtown #ottawa is in lockdown,' police say: URL
actor who played marlboro man in ads dies from smoking-related disease URL
fort hood shooter reportedly has drawn $278g in salary since massacre URL
"we have now cut off every single path that iran could have used to build a bomb." —@potus #irandeal URL
happy #nationalchocolatecakeday! URL
doritos-flavored mountain dew is a real thing URL URL
i don't want to live on this planet anymore. rt @juddlegum pepsi is making a doritos-flavored mountain dew: "dewitos" URL
reports: missing afghan soldiers found trying to cross into canada, source says -@wcvb, @7news, @nbcnews URL (fixes typo)
14 things successful people do before breakfast URL URL
pictured: kevin vickers moments after shooting dead canadian parliament attacker URL URL
dog found abandoned at scottish train station with suitcase filled with it's belongings: URL URL
japanese prime minister shinzo abe at #rio2016 closing ceremony is all our super mario dreams. URL
corporations have sold or spun off $1.6 trillion worth of subsidiaries & biz lines this year. URL URL
paul walker's death: 'fast & furious 7' delayed but won't be scrapped URL
goodbye elly may: 'beverly hillbillies' star donna douglas dead at 81, reports say. URL URL
the 17 #thexfiles episodes to watch before it returns URL @thexfiles @gilliana @davidduchovny URL
fbi 'super pissed off' at white house meddling... URL
uk to accept some child refugees from syria and other conflict zones but not those who have fled to europe URL
one more reason to abolish the penny: "when plastic money is worth more than your real money, you need new money." URL
an afternoon with bo and sunny in the snow.❄ URL
get ready to binge watch - the #gilmoregirls are coming back, this time to @netflix URL URL
#ufc202 was conor mcgregor's first fight ever to go into the championship rounds. he made the most of it. URL
three missing afghan officers are in custody at the u.s.-canada border, police say. URL
poll shows 40 percent of germans want merkel to resign over her refugee policy: URL URL
confirmed: pepsico is making a doritos-flavored mountain dew called "dewitos" URL URL
r.i.p paul walker ♥ he died doing what he loved♥ URL
meet the south american goliath birdeater -- a spider the size of a puppy: URL URL
2009: @potus bet big on rescuing the american auto industry. today: it's roaring back. URL URL
okla beheading victim colleen hufford, rest in peace #beheading #jihad #jahkeemyisrael URL URL
breaking: ap source: tesla motors has selected nevada as site for $5b electric car battery factory.
fast and furious star paul walker dead in car crash. what next, samuel l jackson killed by snakes on a plane?
#eagles co-founder glenn frey has died aged 67
also, rip roger rodas the man who died along with paul walker that seems to never be mentioned URL
death toll from #bachakhanuniattack rises to at least 19; army official says firing has stopped as campus searched URL
alan rickman's goodbye letter to harry potter is just perfect: URL URL
twenty-four-year-old cpl. nathan cirillo was shot dead today at the war memorial in #ottawa. #cdnpoli #ottawashooting URL
"this is a good day. once again, we’re seeing what’s possible with strong american diplomacy." —@potus #irandeal URL
conservative caucas informed soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa this morning has died. a sad development on a shocking day.
sad man tears 2 bananas off larger bunch URL URL
#rip to the driver who died with #paulwalker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.
the bank of japan introduces negative interest rates to counter the ongoing economic slump, in a surprise move. URL
#isis beheads photojournalist james wright foley in a massage to us to end its intervention in #iraq. URL
whether on the sideline or at a retirement community in nc ... just gotta dab on 'em. (via piedmont crossing/fb) URL
breaking: soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa, hill on lockdown, shooter at large URL #ottnews
joseph pena is 17. joseph pena is in high school. joseph pena can squat 875(!) pounds. watch: URL
suicide bomber who killed at least 50 in turkey was aged 12-14, state-run news agency quotes president as saying. URL
gerrymandering is even more infuriating when you can actually see it URL URL
developing news: soldier shot at war memorial. watch cbc nn for coverage. or follow online: URL URL
it's official: #gilmoregirls is coming back! get the details on the netflix revival: URL
donna douglas, elly may clampett on ‘beverly hillbillies,’ dies at 81 URL
hot pockets recall involves meat from place fda says "processed diseased and unsound animals. URL URL
colombian government and left-wing farc rebel movement agree ceasefire to end decades-long conflict URL
at least 39 migrants, including children, drown as boat sinks between turkey & greece URL URL
north korea may be preparing for a missile launch. URL URL
watch @potus's weekly address on giving every student an opportunity to learn through computer science for all: URL
a saudi cleric has declared that the building of snowmen as being anti-islamic. URL
trump on supporters: "i could stand in the middle of 5th ave. and shoot somebody and i wouldn't lose any voters." URL
boko haram burned children alive in attack on nigerian village, witness says URL
minor leaguer hits grand slam, later finds out that he broke his own windshield URL URL
internet of things security is so bad, there’s a search engine for sleeping kids URL
more: a law enforcement official says the shooter was myron may, who graduated from florida state: URL
36 best quotes from davos 2016 URL URL
ap video: police say speed was a factor in an l.a. crash that killed 2, including "fast & furious" actor paul walker: URL
shots were fired at canada's national war memorial in ottawa and a ceremonial guard was shot, police say. URL
irish and european ioc chief patrick hickey arrested in rio over illegal olympic ticket sales, brazil media report URL
another letter to parents, included in 1970s lego sets URL URL
we're keeping céline dion in our thoughts--her brother daniel has died of cancer at age 59: URL URL
13 truth bombs @zaynmalik dropped in his first solo broadcast interview: URL #zaynonbeats1 URL
@eonline started from the bottom now the whole team's here. #sagawards URL
starbucks is testing a new latte that tastes exactly like guinness URL
is the truth out there? in nod to @thexfiles, @cia releases hundreds of declassified docs URL URL
kentucky leads kansas 46-40 at the half. tyler ulis has scored or assisted on 11 of the wildcats' 17 field goals. URL
breaking news: the 3 missing afghan soldiers have been found trying to cross into canada at the rainbow bridge in niagara falls. ny. nbc
here's the letter alan rickman wrote for us back in 2011, upon completing harry potter & the deathly hallows: URL
.@potus just announced new actions to advance #equalpay. here's what you need to know: URL URL
brandon marshall visits and offers advice, support to brother of fallen hero zaevion dobson: URL URL
donald trump's campaign chairman paul manafort resigns URL
this photo was taken by a tourist at the national war memorial, shortly before nathan cirillo was shot and killed. URL
boko haram burns kids alive in northeast nigeria, witness says URL
happy birthday to the man who brought sexy back! 🎉🔥 URL URL
person one season ahead in tv show doling out counsel like wise elder URL URL
college graduate first person in family to waste $160,000 URL URL
this photo was taken by a tourist at the national war memorial, shortly before nathan cirillo was shot and killed. URL
dozens of people were killed in car bomb, 2 suicide bombings near damascus, syria, state media says. URL
tyrese at the crash site, where paul walker died, i proper feel for him URL
the closest that adults can get to believing in santa claus again is when they forget that they’ve ordered something from amazon.
it's a boy! meet mac, the budweiser family's new baby clydesdale. #budweiser #clydesdale URL
surprise surprise, @shaq. on @jimmykimmellive, the lakers icon learned he'd be honored w/ a staples center statue. URL
max baer describes donna douglas as "elly may until the day she died": URL (cbs) URL
prayers to our friend, tyrese. his emotional message about paul walker got us choked up... URL
hewlett-packard to split into two companies, wsj says. URL
.@potus just announced new reforms to address the overuse of solitary confinement: URL URL
beheading suspect attended same mosque as 9/11 terrorist: moore, oklahoma -- alton nolen, the man who beheaded... URL
paul walker's fast and the furious costars and more react to the actor's tragic death: URL
update: parliament hill attack: soldier dies of injuries, gunman shot dead URL #ottawashooting URL
half a sleeve of oreos lost in house fire URL URL
goliath encounter: puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest - URL URL
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan cirillo - URL URL
rip to the driver roger that died with paul walker that no one talks about because he wasn't famous. URL
nonwhite actors nearly swept every nominated category at the #sagawards URL URL
ninety took drug in french clinical trial that left one brain-dead and five more hospitalised, health minister says URL
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous.
"america is a nation of second chances" —@potus on new reforms to solitary confinement: URL URL
this doesn't help our score, @ianmckellen! are you team #batman or team #superman? let us know with '#empirebvs'. URL
greece has "seriously neglected" obligations to control external borders, european commission says in draft report URL
a conversation with x japan’s yoshiki and documentarian stephen kijak URL URL
breaking news: isis beheads a british hostage david haines in message to america's partners. URL
oregon community helps mother after boy punished for being tardy due to vehicle problems: URL URL
actor who portrayed marlboro man in cigarette ads in late 1970s dies from smoking-related disease: URL
uk aid worker david haines beheaded by #isis remember this great & giving man this way not as isis wants @acted URL
you all do know it’s mostly long articles about books, right? URL
the las vegas raiders? URL URL
hugs! @simone_biles & @aly_raisman during the #closingceremony (photo: rob schumacher, @usatodaysports) URL
parliament hill in lockdown after soldier shot at #ottawa's war memorial, just south of east block.
rt the good news: we're taking new steps to advance #equalpay for women → URL URL
fanged deer pops up in afghanistan, 60 years after its last appearance URL URL
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL
"when any jew anywhere is targeted, just for being jewish, we must respond, together" —@potus at @israelinusa URL
"fast & furious" stars heartbreakingly mourn paul walker's death URL URL
greek islanders to be nominated for nobel peace prize URL URL
a sloth clings to a pole in ecuador ... and so much more. see the week in 37 photos URL URL
forty percent of germans want angela merkel to resign over her refugee policy, poll shows: URL URL
attorney: new audio reveals pause in gunfire when michael brown was shot. URL
giant puppy-sized spider found in south america said to be world's largest URL URL
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa URL URL
miami was desperate for a turnover. instead, nc state got this dunk. and a big upset win: URL
the motoring world responds to paul walker's death URL URL
‘planet nine’ may exist on the edge of our solar system, claim astronomers URL URL
mexican president pena nieto plagiarized law thesis, report says URL URL
who got violent? pregnant woman shot by #ferguson cop while sitting in car tuesday, loses eye: URL URL
19-year-old girl wakes up during brain surgery to ask doctors: ‘how’s it going?’ URL
this young woman was shot with a nerf bullet by a #ferguson police officer, she lost her eye. URL
woman who stabbed paedophile to death in east london has three-and-a-half-year jail term more than doubled URL
breaking news: cbs reports multiple suspects at large after more than 30 shots fired at canadian parliament - URL
cool dog! mt @cbsnews: goliath encounter: puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest URL URL
an undefeated high school wrestler lost on purpose against an opponent with down syndrome: URL URL
not good for fancy #swiss #brand @nestle : philly steak & cheese @hotpockets linked to massive #beef #recall URL #food
well, this is one way to quit your job. watch alaskan reporter charlo green quit live on air. URL URL
just your monday reminder that doritos-flavored mountain dew exists. URL URL
today marks 71 yrs since the liberation of auschwitz, “city of death” URL #holocaustmemorialday URL
vampire bambi? rare fanged deer confirmed in afghanistan after 60 years URL URL
2013 was doing alright till i found out paul walker died ..
remembering paul walker: fast and furious star was "so happy" hours before his tragic death URL
sc state senator also opposes bill that would make it harder for domestic abusers to own guns: URL URL
a eulogy for the show that changed kids' tv forever: #gravityfalls URL URL
microsoft to buy mojang - report URL $2 billion deal could be signed this week URL
the beatles' rooftop concert happened 47 years ago today. here are 15 things you didn't know URL URL
big bank hank of the sugarhill gang - famous for the 1979 hit 'rappers delight' - dead at 57 URL URL
quote of the day URL URL
paul walker died at the age of 40 saturday. our hearts go out to his family and friends: URL
holy shit. doritos flavored mountain dew. all is lost. abandon all hope.
the broadcast premiere of @zaynmalik's #pillowtalk is on mtv right now 💥 URL URL
ibtihaj muhammad wins bronze in fencing, becomes first u.s. olympian to compete in a hijab: URL URL
at least two people are dead in a shooting at a school in northern saskatchewan, canadian government official said URL
remembering paul walker: URL URL
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous
breaking: fsu shooter identified as myron may, a lawyer who graduated from fsu before attending texas tech's law school. #fsushooting
puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest @livescience | URL URL
sugarhill gang rapper big bank hank has died at the age of 57. read about his legacy and contribution to hip hop: URL
"afghanistan has been through a lot. you know what it needs now? deer with fangs." -- god URL URL
.@tedcruz: @marcorubio "broke his promise to the american people" on immigration URL #cnnsotu URL
exclusive! angelina jolie will be a visiting professor at georgetown university: URL URL
elvis presley was born on this day in 1935 URL URL
a letter written to parents inside all 1970s lego sets😳💯 this is perfect. URL
in a historic first, the international criminal court has classified destroying cultural artifacts as a war crime. URL
the sudden & tragic death of #paulwalker reminds us that we shouldn't take even a moment for granted bc it can be over in a blink #sosad
paul walker remembered: celebs react to 'fast and furious' star's death URL
that powerful lego letter to parents about gender and creativity? it's real. URL URL
rest in peace: big bank hank of sugarhill gang dead at 57 URL URL
.@tedcruz: "bernie is a socialist and he admits it. hillary is a socialist and she pretends she's not." @teamcavuto URL
source: microsoft in discussions to buy 'minecraft' maker mojang for more than $2 billion - @wsj URL
a pregnant woman has lost her eye after being shot with bean bag by police in ferguson: URL URL
'do you know me? do you know my heart?' muslims in new york share their experiences URL URL
harry potter stars react to the tragic news of alan rickman's death: URL URL
researcher @naskrecki on his encounter with a goliath birdeater, the world's largest spider URL URL
hewlett-packard announces it will break in two URL
officials took away this halloween decoration after reports of it being a real suicide victim. 2003 URL
‘keep it,’ says simone biles throwing gold medal to adoring men's gymnastics team URL #rio2016 URL
woah! olivia pope ditches the white hat for a hot new look in this badass scandal promo: URL URL
uniformed canadian soldier shot at war memorial in #ottawa.
breaking: fbi uncovers new audio from neighbor on skype, lawyer counts 11 shots #mikebrown URL URL
sure, first you dump pluto by calling it a dwarf planet, then you drive by its house to make sure it’s not dating any other solar systems.
we have some bad news, friends fans. the whole cast won't be reuniting in february: URL URL
#breaking: missing afghan soldiers reportedly found near canadian border URL
"we still have sanctions on iran for its violations of human rights—for its support for terrorism &...its ballistic missile program" —@potus
good sweet lord, pepsi is actually testing a doritos-flavored mountain dew URL URL
.@onedirection's new music video for "history" is a walk down memory lane: URL #1dhistoryvideo URL
vaughn foods co-worker who witnessed murder tells #news9 murder suspect alton nolen was shouting islamic phrases. fbi investigating
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking-related disease - URL
man arrested with two firearms at entrance to hotel at disneyland paris, french media report URL
breaking: 15.1 foot tsunami reported in coquimbo. #earthquake #tsunami
neurotic woman turns to neurotic friends for support URL URL
last picture of paul walker taken before his death in a car crash.#rippaulwalker fast & furious won't be same w/o u. URL "
hasan gets $278k but victims denied army benefits. disgusting waste of tax $$. garnish his wages & send 2 red cross URL
rip david bowie. can we also rip the "battle with cancer" cliche? implies you've "lost" the battle, as if you didn't fight hard enough.
fanged deer spotted in afghanistan for the first time in 65 years URL URL
#stevenuniverse will finally return to our screens in january! URL URL
ohio lawmakers want to know why state’s epa didn’t tell public about lead leaking into water supply of sebring. URL
poor women in india are fighting for the right to have a job. "when you start working, your heart opens up." URL
spoiler alert: leo and kate were ridiculously cute together at the 2016 #sagawards. URL URL
michael oher got a text from cam newton during the offseason. now, they prepare for #sb50: URL URL
breaking news: gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag URL URL
shooting reported at naval medical center san diego, according to the center's facebook page. URL
man’s anxiety not about to let depression muscle in on turf URL URL
first photos: hostage pressed against a window. #sydneysiege URL
a boy dies after being bitten by a dog in essex, with a woman arrested for allowing a dog to be out of control URL
meet quasimodo, the dog with the short spine URL URL
just in: germanwings plane crashes in southern france, up to 150 feared dead URL
good news: our businesses have added 15 million jobs over the past 77 months → URL URL
usgs: sonic boom confirmed in new jersey area after reports of shaking; cause not immediately known URL
oscars 2016 host chris rock calls event "white bet awards" due to lack of diversity: URL URL
photos of the day URL URL
11 confirmed dead, francois hollande to visit scene of attack - latest from paris: URL URL
underrated person of the year 2015 candidate—the prime minister of singapore URL URL
at least 12 killed in today's attack on satirical magazine #charliehebdo in paris, official says. URL
3-legged dog expected to survive after getting shot while scaring off armed robbers. URL URL
ooh, baby! dickie v loved this reverse dunk by ben simmons. lsu's up double-digits on no. 1 oklahoma: URL
.@tedcruz: "bernie is a socialist and he admits it. hillary is a socialist and she pretends she's not." URL
“seven years ago, auto sales hit a 27 year-low. last year, they hit an all-time high.” —@potus #madeinamerica URL
ray hadley says he spoke with hostage, and could hear the gunman in the background barking orders and demanding to go live on air
oil tanker hijacked off malaysian port of kuantan and taken into indonesian waters, malaysian maritime officials say URL
watch live: as sun goes down, white house lights up rainbow colors to celebrate scotus ruling URL URL
29 times @msleamichele's instagram inspired us to live a healthier life: URL URL
mark zuckerberg is now richer than the koch brothers 💰 URL URL
rudy giuliani rips @hillaryclinton for dragging colin powell into email scandal: "she lies every day." URL
unstoppable! novak djokovic is now a perfect 6-for-6 in australian open finals after his win over andy murray. URL
we've devoted 24 pages to #batman v #superman, interviewing @zacksnyder, @benaffleck, henry cavill, @galgadot... URL
the white house takes on rainbow hues in celebrating #scotusmarriage decision: URL URL
breaking: police enter #lindt cafe, hostages flee URL #sydneysiege URL
alert: tsunami advisory issued for southern california from 3-7 a.m. local time. stay away from ocean and shoreline. #cawx #tsunami
#donaldtrump's son spoke about his father's decision to visit flood-damaged louisiana while pres. obama played golf. URL
geoblock lifted on #abcnews24. streaming coverage of the martin place siege in sydney here URL
there will be cool photos of the white house w rainbow colors tonight but hard to top this one by chuck kennedy. URL
.@potus reflects on the importance of taking his daughters to visit the @holocaustmuseum. #holocaustremembranceday URL
an openly gay man said that he and his partner met with pope francis a day before kim davis did URL
harry potter fans are posting incredibly moving tributes to severus snape and alan rickman: URL URL
13 questions with @madisonbeer, the 16-year-old singer @justinbieber discovered on youtube: URL URL
.@whitehouse in rainbow colors for #scotusmarriage? here's what i think about that decision: URL
jeb bush campaign kicks off 3-state farewell tour with iowa town hall meeting URL URL
alert! islam taught in tennessee schools URL #wakeupamerica #tcot #wethepeople #pjnet #ccot URL
#sydneysiege is over. 2 confirmed dead, #prayforsydney #prayforsydneyhostages #sydney #hostages
hostage taker in sydney cafe demands isis flag and call with australian pm, sky news reports. URL #sydneysiege
#ripnathancirillo rt @globeandmail: soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan cirillo #ottawashooting URL
watch one direction's original #xfactoruk auditions from 2010, where it all began URL URL
turkey's president says all he wants is same powers as hitler URL URL
soldier killed in canada shooting was a young reservist with a six-year-old son URL URL
oh, i'm so ready to watch @zaynmalik's #pillowtalk on mtv tonight at 8:15p. URL URL
the picture of a syrian child "surrendering" to a camera is real. URL URL
breaking - shooting on parliament hill. rcmp have weapons drawn #cdnpoli URL
that superman poster is legit: URL URL
more: police confirm 3 hostages escape sydney cafe, unknown number remain inside URL #sydneysiege
former conservative minister lord cecil parkinson dies aged 84, after suffering from cancer, his family says URL
top north korean diplomat who disappeared from london embassy has defected to south korea, seoul confirms URL
wow! what a way to end this historic day! URL #lovewins #loveislove #equalityforall #lgbt URL
breaking: five explosions heard near bataclan concert hall in paris: reuters witness URL
according to seven, this is a picture of the gunman URL
ooh, baby! icymi: dickie v loved this reverse dunk by freshman phenom ben simmons. URL
woah, nature. URL URL
the vatican insists pope francis’ encounter with kim davis was not endorsement of her views URL URL
#breaking gunman in policewoman killing suspected in new paris hostage-taking: source
senior u.s. official: canadian government has informed u.s. that one shooter is dead in ottawa. live blog: URL
pop legend prince has died at 57: URL URL
the @whitehouse is lit up in a rainbow #lovewins URL
black islamic flag being held up in window of #lindt chocolate store in martin place, sydney - hostages inside. URL
our thoughts and prayers go out to nathan cirillo who died today in ottawa while protecting his country at age 24 URL
will you watch thursday’s #gopdebate if @realdonaldtrump is not on stage? URL
#breaking charlie hebdo gunmen's hostage freed and safe after police assault
#breaking: hostages are being held and a siege is taking place at sydney's lindt chocolat cafe in martin place.
hostage situation erupts in sydney cafe, australian prime minister says it may be "politically motivated" URL
we hope you're as excited about thursday as this kid was about lebron's easy basket: URL
see the white house light up as a rainbow to celebrate gay marriage URL URL
denver medical center on lockdown; 9 at hospitals after deadly incident at denver coliseum URL URL
if they can light up the white house like a rainbow for gay pride, it sure as hell better be red, white & blue for independence day. merica.
white house is aglow in the colors of the rainbow celebrating the supreme court's same-sex marriage decision. URL
***exclusive*** michael zahaf-bibeau caught on a #dashcam model sold at URL #ottawashooting URL
watch bernie sanders sing "this land is your land" with vampire weekend at iowa students rally URL
jeb bush campaign kicks off 3-state farewell tour with iowa town hall meeting URL URL
"i almost started crying ... but i didn't want them to make me the crying face instead of jordan." --draymond green URL
clarissa, 27 years old, police trainee of montrouge police in #france. victim of this morning's attack. via @_batou_ URL
“our team boasts the most women who have ever competed for any nation at any olympic games.” —@potus on @teamusa: URL
#onceuponatime's @colinodonoghue1: dark hook is like a "pissed-off boyfriend" URL @onceabc URL
two shot in paris, including traffic cop, as manhunt continues for #charliehebdo suspects URL URL
"today’s progress...these things are a reminder of what we can achieve when we lead with strength and wisdom." —@potus on progress with iran
only photo i will tweet. cpr being performed on the soldier now. i heard four shots. #ottawa URL
what a rally for no. 1. oklahoma came back from 14 down and won 77-75 at lsu on this late jumper: URL
#breaking - at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket: (afp) URL #vincennes URL
icymi: somehow lebron came out in shorts that didn't match the rest of his team ... so he had to change mid-quarter. URL
a head-on collision with another planet may have created our moon, researchers say URL URL
paramedics are currently carrying out a number of hostages in #martinpl. #sydneysiege #9news
us trying to locate americans missing in baghdad after al-arabiya reports they may have been kidnapped by militias URL
at least 12 dead in the paris shooting. updated story and background info: URL #charliehebdo URL
the @who predicts 3 to 4 million cases of #zikavirus that is spreading through americas URL
of the 54 killed by young suicide bomber at wedding in turkey, 22 were under the age of 14. URL URL
breaking news: soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa URL
hero. @affanchowdhry: kevin vickers, head of security in parliament, being credited for taking down shooter #ottawa URL "
the white house bathed in rainbow #scotusgaymarriage URL
white house lit in rainbow colors following us supreme court ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry. URL
study: minimum wage increases haven't hurt the restaurant industry. URL
vanessa hudgens' father, gregory hudgens, dies the night before "grease: live" URL URL
#teenwolf starts in 5 minutes! rt if you're watching + tweeting + crying + screaming with @mtvteenwolf & me! URL
developing: gunman takes hostages in sydney cafe, 'isis' flags being held against window - URL URL
very reliable source on parliament hill tells me the assailant has been killed. #cdnpoli #ottnews
.@stephenfhayes: "this is about hrc having made repeated representations that have turned out to be false." URL
full statement from pm abbott on #sydneysiege #martinplace #lindt. URL
email: michigan officials gave bottled water to state employees a year before flint residents got it URL
escaped #sydneysiege hostage, elly chen, a top student and skilled sportswoman URL URL
#germanwings "sorry to confirm" 144 passengers & 6 crew on board flight #4u9525 when it crashed in french alps URL
actor abe vigoda has died at 94 URL URL
the white house is lit like a rainbow tonight in honor of the #scotusmarriage ruling. URL
theres' a double rainbow over the white house URL
.@potus ✓ spinach ✓ some adorable kids ✓ and an #mlkday service project. watch: URL URL
a crow tries to fight an eagle—gets a free ride instead: URL
more shots fired just off parliament hill. police telling everyone to take cover.
governor whose marriage would have been a crime 50 years ago: we've never had racist laws URL URL
isis claims responsibility for triple bombing that killed at least 45 people and injured more than 100 near damascus. URL
tv channels have chosen not to show videos of hostages relaying #sydneysiege gunman's demands. URL URL
reports: #charliehebdo suspects killed URL
update - afp: an unnamed police source says the killing of the policewoman in #paris on thursday is linked to the #charliehebdo attack
paris manhunt: 3 #charliehebdo attackers with ak-47 rifles & reportedly rocket-propelled grenade still at large URL
update - afp says gunman who has taken a hostage at kosher supermarket in paris believed to be suspect in killing of policewoman on thursday
white house lit in rainbow colors following us supreme court ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry. URL
#update three men including two brothers identified in france newspaper attack: source URL #jesuischarlie #charliehebdo
#breaking : both charlie hebdo suspects killed as police storm building (police sources) URL URL
oh. so now the #ferguson police chief says the cop didn't know about the robbery when he stopped #mikebrown. the kid was "jaywalking"? bs!
judge: hillary clinton must respond under oath to questions from conservative legal watchdog URL URL
nothing to see here. just nuggets forward wilson chandler catching a 350-pound fish: URL URL
trayvon martin at space camp in florida. #blacklivesmatter URL
this is how the white house celebrated what obama called "a victory for america." #lovewins URL URL
the white house tonight is illuminated in rainbow colors to honor and celebrate marriage equality. bravo! URL
the gunman in ottawa has been shot and killed. i'm at a loss for words this morning. that isn't my canada.
.@greysabc season 13 will focus on the "originals" URL #greysanatomy URL
report: las vegas sands to propose $1 billion domed stadium to possibly draw nfl franchise - fox5 las vegas URL
white house set aglow with rainbow pride URL | ap photo URL
haron monis,hostage-taker in #sydney: fled #iran 96,suspect in ex-wife killing,46 sex assaults URL URL
"dewshine" drink suspected in deaths of tennessee teens. URL
today's the day: if you don't have health insurance, make sure you #getcovered at URL now! URL
prime minister tony abbott's statement on the #sydneysiege. updates: URL URL
sacha baron cohen and his wife donate $1 million to syrian refugees URL URL
.@potus on declaring a federal emergency in #flint, michigan to supplement state and local response efforts. URL
a clever marketing campaign by norwegian airlines. / via URL URL
4 miners now rescued from mine in china's shandong after 36 days underground - state media URL URL
president obama announces ban on solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons - washington post URL
the white house was lit up with rainbow lights to celebrate marriage equality: URL URL
police move in: police confirm live ammunition used in martin place #sydneysiege
#quasimodo: dog with short spine has big heart URL URL
'plane wreckage' found in thailand prompts speculation it might belong to malaysian airlines flight mh370 - reuters URL
.@arianagrande just created a unisex fragrance named after her brother: URL URL
us swimmer jimmy feigen to pay $11,000 to charity as part of deal to settle brazil robbery dispute - us media URL
french police hunting woman who was with an armed man arrested near disneyland paris. URL
the people have spoken: there is now a petition for @snoopdogg to narrate "planet earth" URL URL
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson #afp URL
white house lit in rainbow colors following us supreme court ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry. URL
french police publishes photos of suspect in yesterday's montrouge shooting. maybe the same persons in kosher market URL
"an attack on any faith is an attack on all our faiths." —@potus at @israelinusa
vatican says #kimdavis' meeting w/ #popefrancis 'should not be considered a form of support.' URL URL
icymi: joseph pena squatted 875 pounds. he's 17 years old ... URL
photo: white house lit in rainbow colors after high court's gay marriage ruling URL URL
"i hate writing; i love having written." dorothy parker was born on this day in 1893: URL
look: @whitehouse lights up in rainbow colors to celebrate #scotus same-sex marriage ruling URL
five hostages have escaped the besieged lindt cafe in #sydney | our latest update: URL URL
the white house goes rainbow to celebrate supreme court marriage ruling URL URL
keeping vanessa hudgens in our thoughts. her dad greg died last night from cancer: URL URL
watch live: as sun goes down, white house lights up rainbow colors to celebrate scotus ruling URL URL
uber sydney trips from cbd will be free for riders. higher rates are still in place to encourage drivers to get into the cbd.
police taking people out of #paris grocery where hostages were being held. URL
developing: police pursuing #charliehebdo shooting suspects, helicopters deployed - live feed: URL URL
iran's supreme leader awards medals to troops who 'captured' u.s. sailors URL URL
iran announces that washington post reporter jason rezaian and three iranian americans have been freed from prison URL
god put a rainbow over the white house 🌈 URL
london jury acquits five out of six brokers who were on trial, accused of manipulating the libor interest rate URL
vatican official says there is "a sense of regret" that pope francis met with kim davis: URL URL
"if you could compete in any olympic event, what would you choose?" —@potus asks @flotus: URL URL
nsw police confirm 5 hostages have emerged from #sydneysiege and they are negotiating: "it might take a bit of time" URL
uber says it has hiked prices in sydney to "encourage more drivers to come online & pick up passengers." URL #sydneysiege
at least 11 dead in shooting at hq of #charliehebdo in #paris (police source) URL
the white house is glowing with pride URL | ap photo URL
31 "travel-associated" cases of zika virus reported in 11 u.s. states + d.c. this year and last, cdc says. URL
erdoğan cites hitler's germany as example of effective government URL
#charliehebdo - 11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting. photo @martinbureau1 #afp URL
in asu's curtain of distraction, michael phelps brought out his gold medals and speedo to do the trick. it worked. URL
is the truth out there? 👽 in nod to @thexfiles, @cia releases hundreds of declassified docs URL URL
women in america still earn only $0.79 for every $1 men make. it's time for #equalpay → URL URL
on israeli tv, an israeli woman speaks of her nephew,a mother with 6 month old baby, held hostage in the supermarket in paris. #jesuisjuif
end of the line for land rover defender as emission rules kill off iconic 4x4 URL #bbcgofigure URL
waiting for the new episode of #teenwolf like... URL
#breaking news: shots fired at parliament hill. follow developing story: URL URL
.@dylanobrien learned the hard way to not mess with @shelleyhennig: URL URL
charlie hebdo shooting latest: 12 dead and gunmen still at large URL URL
watch: tommy chong made a pro-bernie sanders video URL URL
breaking: the @whitehouse is celebrating with us tonight lit up in rainbow colors. #lovewins URL
"we have now cut off every single path that iran could have used to build a bomb." —@potus #irandeal URL
anne frank was a refugee denied entrance to the united states URL #syrianrefugees URL
central sydney shut down by police amid ongoing hostage situation: URL
need to #getcovered? most people can find a health insurance plan for as little as $75/mo: URL URL
the university of ottawa, just a five minute walk from the hill, is now on lockdown.
apologies if you've already seen a crow riding a bald eagle today. image: phoo chan story: URL URL
breaking news: new york times is reporting the canadian soldier who was shot has died from their injuries. heartbreaking. #cdnpoli #ableg
nasa astronaut @stationcdrkelly captures a beautiful sunrise from aboard the international space station. URL
trump hopes for reversal on same-sex-marriage URL | ap photo URL
police seem relaxed, suggesting all hostages are out and gunman no longer a threat URL #sydneysiege
china's economy grew by 6.9% in 2015, marking its slowest growth in 25 years. URL
#isis media account posts picture claiming to be michael zehaf-bibeau, dead #ottawashooting suspect. #canada URL
#ripchyna: the wwe icon has passed away at the age of 45. URL URL
live updates: siege in sydney cafe URL
several people being held hostage at a sydney cafe. australian tv showing people with hands up against a window: URL
"these colors celebrate a new chapter in the history of american civil rights." #lovewins URL URL
sydney hostage-taker - man monis, 49 - originally from iran - self-styled sheikh - accused of sexually assaulting 7 women developing..
obama; - hours to light up white house in rainbow colors for gay marriage. - 5 days to lower flag for dead marines. URL
mps credit sergeant-at-arms for saving lives in parliament hill shootings URL URL
three men found guilty of involvement in "largest burglary in english legal history" at hatton garden URL
wow. anthony johnson's knockout win is the 3rd-quickest finish in @ufc light heavyweight history (0:13). #ufc202 URL
here's that dramatic video via @josh_wingrove of shots fired inside parliament building: URL #ottawa #shooting
pope francis’ meeting wasn’t an endorsement of kim davis, vatican says URL
police convoy and helicopters are rushing to scene to detain charlie hebdo massacre suspects URL URL
we can see people coming out a firedoor near the lindt cafe to waiting police. 2-3 people. hard to see. #sydneysiege
an openly gay man said that he and his partner met with pope francis a day before kim davis did URL
this is the soldier who died today at the #ottawa war memorial. his name is cpl. nathan cirillo. #rip #ottawastrong URL
whole foods' selling asparagus water is a sign the end times are near URL URL
elvis presley made his tv debut 60 years ago today. look back at his history on the tube URL URL
the canadian soldier killed in today's ottawa shooting is cpl. nathan cirillo, a family source told cnn. live blog: URL
beck on david bowie: "he’s always been a guidepost for me" URL URL
breaking: live coverage of hostage situation unfolding in sydney's martin place URL URL
olympics: us women win basketball gold for 6th consecutive olympics, routing spain in final. URL URL
#breaking: police have confirmed that the #sydneysiege is over. #9news
zika virus "spreading explosively" around the americas, who director-general says. URL
‘i can’t do this anymore,’ think 320 million americans quietly going about day URL URL
jeb bush: "donald, you're not going to be able to insult your way to the presidency." cheer from the audience #nprdebate
.@realdonaldtrump slams @hillaryclinton: “the job of an elected official is to serve the citizens of the u.s.” URL
white house shines rainbow-colored lights in honor of #scotus gay marriage decision #lovewins URL URL
the terps do it again! no. 8 maryland knocks off no. 3 iowa 74-68, has beaten 5 of its last 7 top-5 opponents. URL
today, the @deptofdefense took steps to expand paid leave for military moms and dads → URL URL
breaking news: pope francis’ encounter with kim davis wasn’t an endorsement of her views, the vatican says. URL
danish lawmakers approve bill allowing seizure of asylum seekers' valuables to help cover expenses. URL
.@realbencarson: "what good does it do a man to gain the whole world & to lose his soul?" URL
kate winslet congratulating leonardo dicaprio after his #sagawards win is everything 💕 URL URL
nasa's curiosity rover sends back a selfie from a sand dune in mars: URL URL
these louisiana politicians are demanding flood aid, but voted against sandy relief URL URL
audio recordings reveal cpr started 11 minutes after staff found gynnya mcmillen URL URL
remembering the talented singer aaliyah on what would have been her 37th birthday: URL URL
fbi uncovers nearly 15,000 more emails and materials sent to or from hillary clinton. URL URL
america's first muslim female judge; carolyn walker-diallo. URL
when she heard about south korean "comfort women," @yunghi photographed some survivors URL URL
german shepherd with a rare spinal condition looking for a forever home. URL URL
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson #afp URL
shooting in canadian parliament comes day after isis-inspired radical drove in2 canadian soldier. also reports of shooting at war memorial/1
in china, 77% of jobs are threatened by automation URL URL
kosovo war crimes court to be set up in the hague, dutch government says URL
hostages in sydney cafe made to hold up islamic flags URL
watch video showing gunfire inside canada's parliament in ottawa URL URL
orphanage saved by bikini car wash URL URL
i’m celebrating #backtothefuture day by bemoaning the lack of hoverboards while ignoring the fact that my phone contains all human knowledge
confirmed | 1 shooter shot dead at parliament hill, but there is more than 1 suspect. #cbcott #ottnews
breaking update: canadian soldier injured at parliament hill shooting dies URL #ottawa
man held at disneyland paris carrying "low-calibre" guns & copy of koran - police sources URL URL
renting vs. owning a home: a side-by-side comparison URL URL
#ausopen: british number one andy murray beats australia's sam groth 6-0 6-4 6-1 scores: URL URL
#breaking reports two customers and an employee have escaped the #sydneysiege URL
looking at eddie redmayne looking at alicia vikander is making us all kinds of emotional. #sagawards URL
an adorable young fan asked riley curry to be his valentine ... and steph responded: URL URL
chiefs te travis kelce will have his own reality tv dating show: URL URL
#breaking rick hughes at cbc hamilton: the soldier who was shot in ottawa wednesday morning is a reservist serving in hamilton
whole foods' $6 asparagus water is just water with three stalks of asparagus in it URL URL
judy carne, ‘sock it to me girl’ on ‘laugh-in,’ dies at 76 URL
theres' a double rainbow over the white house URL
happy #nationalhugday! URL
war has come again in the #the100 season 3 trailer URL @cwthe100 @miselizajane @wildpipm URL
#nhl cancels tonight's game between #ottawa and #toronto due to today's shootings. senators were to host maple leafs.
french police: said kouachi and cherif kouachi wanted in paris terror attack: URL URL
afp: suspected #charliehebdo gunmen have been killed
.@theweeknd donates $250,000 to black lives matter URL via @cnnent URL
uk heterosexual couple who want to enter civil partnership rather than marry lose challenge at london's high court URL
u.s. justice department to end use of private prisons. URL
7 years ago today, @potus was sworn into office. here's a look at how far we've come since. URL
#breaking hostages held inside sydney cafe, islamic flag held up
holy christ, #samuraijack is returning to television! URL URL
it’s a three-peat! team usa routs serbia 96-66 to win its third-straight and 15th basketball gold medal. URL
katy perry -- makes holiday wish come true for burn victim URL
stills from eyewitness video show two #charliehebdo attackers wearing hoods & black clothing shoot a wounded man URL
eleven dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo – live updates URL
red alert! drake just dropped a new single called, "summer sixteen" from his new album. URL URL
clinton ominously tells iowan supporters to mark front doors with campaign logo before sundown URL
mook spooked: hillary manager predicts trump will win presidency if nominated!
1.15 million americans have been killed by guns since john lennon's death URL URL
shots fired on parliament hill after a man walked up with a gun. i'm locked in a security office on parliament hill
7 years ago, @potus bet big on rescuing the american auto industry. here's how it paid off: URL URL
live from the white house...in rainbow colors. hundreds of people...hundreds URL
icymi: a dog accidentally stumbled into the middle of a local half marathon ... and earned 7th place. URL
north carolina town rejects solar panels for sucking "up all the energy from the sun.” URL URL
breaking: canada has four recent cases of #zika, all from travelers: public health agency
"when americans are freed and reunited with their families, that’s something we can all celebrate." —@potus URL
five hostages escape sydney cafe siege — live updates from @buzzfeedoz URL URL
it's 2016. women should earn the same pay as men for doing the same work. URL #equalpay URL
and jake makes that one more for team kal-el... let us know which side you're on with '#empirebvs'. URL
an openly gay man said that he and his partner met with pope francis a day before kim davis did URL
breaking: at least 10 killed in shooting at french satirical newspaper charlie hebdo, paris prosecutor's office says. URL
police have surrounded this building where the suspected #charliehebdo attackers are holed-up URL URL
"people do not smile during a seizure while standing upright and then immediately launch into a coherent sentence." URL
#breaking: at least two people have died following the #sydneysiege. 5 people are being treated by paramedics.
this is shot that captures the #sydneysiege: sheer terror/relief of escaped hostages, incredible work of @nswpolice URL
tyronn lue, the east all-star coach, has coached 3 games. his west counterpart, gregg popovich? 1,538 games. URL
the soldier shot dead in wednesday's ottawa attacks has been named as cpl. nathan cirillo of #hamont #ottawashooting URL
apple announces most profitable quarter in u.s. history—and the end of unprecedented growth URL URL
tim allen compares clintons to herpes: 'just when you think gone, they show up again'... URL
breaking charlie hebdo latest: 11 dead 10 wounded (five critical) two gunmen unaccounted for URL URL
it's been 5 years since "what makes you beautiful" lit up our world like nobody else: URL URL
the @whitehouse is rainbow-colored tonight in celebration of scotus same-sex marriage ruling. URL URL
up to 100 masked men, dressed in black, involved in "migrant attack" in stockholm URL URL
uber intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege URL URL
body found in north carolina of virginia girl, 13, missing since wednesday. virginia tech student has been charged. URL
valerie jarrett organized white house rainbow lights URL URL
breaking: 10 reportedly shot dead at paris hq of french weekly charlie hebdo URL
jakarta attacks: #kamitidaktakut hashtag shows indonesians are not afraid URL
as sun goes down, white house lights up rainbow colors to celebrate scotus ruling: URL URL
"our high school graduation rate is at an all-time high." —@potus URL URL
jimmy fallon and sesame street characters photobomb families & it's seriously adorable: URL URL
white house lit in rainbow colors after gay marriage ruling URL URL
white house shines rainbow-colored lights in honor of #scotus gay marriage decision #lovewins URL URL
an 11-month old baby is among the hostages at the kosher supermarket in paris. unbearably sad. URL
whole foods tests the limits of yuppie diet fads with new $6 asparagus water - URL URL
merkel says refugees must return home once war is over URL
breaking: a source confirms to cp24 that the deceased soldier in ottawa is cpl. nathan cirillo. cirillo was a member of the hamilton argylls
it's gregg popovich's 67th birthday and there's one thing we know he's not doing tonight. URL
update: 12 now confirmed dead in #charliehebdo attack in paris, @ap is reporting. story: URL (ap) URL
stiles (and the rest of us) just wants lydia to wake up on #teenwolf tonight at 9/8c: URL URL
recap: gunman shot dead inside parliament buildings; police believe there may be others on loose. cdn soldier shot earlier at war memorial.
the lion’s share of collaborative work tends to fall on women. and it's exhausting. URL URL
us imposes sanctions on iranian companies and individuals over missile programme, after lifting of nuclear sanctions URL
nation's dog owners demand to know who's a good boy URL URL
saliha is one of the first women ever to stand for election in saudi arabia: watch her story URL URL
#rcmp to hold news conference on #ottawa shootings at 2 pm et, 11 am pt. watch live coverage @ URL
"my dad is in the air force and that inspired me to have my back up job be president" —lily: URL URL
"let's not make the next two weeks about a 'black qb.' let's just talk about the greatness of this guy." -c. barkley URL
the @whitehouse is lit up like a rainbow! #lovewins URL
hostage-taker in supermarket siege killed, reports say. #parisattacks URL URL
this afternoon we've lowered our flags to half mast in honour of the canadian reservist who lost his life in ottawa. URL
breaking news: at least 3 shots fired at ottawa war memorial. one soldier confirmed shot - URL URL
google agrees to pay £130m in back taxes after "open audit" of its accounts by uk tax authorities URL
a tiny alpine town in northern italy just welcomed its first baby in 28 years 🍼👶 URL URL
police: negotiators are now in contact with armed hostage-taker in sydney situation; motive remains unknown - URL
the white house is lit up rainbow. URL
white house lit in rainbow colors after high court's gay marriage ruling (with photo) URL
"the dave i know is polite, modest, and content. jumbotron dave is crass and loud." URL URL
japan's economy minister akira amari resigns over corruption allegations URL
bro there's either a black president in a rainbow whitehouse or i'm having the best trip ever
white house set aglow with rainbow pride URL | ap photo URL
local media: 3 people appear to escape from martin place, sydney, café, amid hostage situation - @abcnews URL
"let's not make the next two weeks about a 'black qb.' let's just talk about the greatness of this guy." -c. barkley URL
sydney siege: police enter cafe as hostages flee the scene, gunfire heard, reports of an injured person – live URL
.@potus will make his latest push to advance equal pay for women today URL URL
man armed with knife on swiss train starts fire - seven people hospitalised with knife wounds and burns, police say URL
white house lit in rainbow colors following us supreme court ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry. URL
after eluding capture for years, 2 mafia bosses arrested in underground bunker in southern italy. URL
1.15 million americans have been killed by guns since john lennon's death URL
adorable but frightened sloth rescued from side of highway in ecuador URL URL
investigations into nearly 60 allegations of unlawful killing against uk soldiers in iraq are dropped, mod says URL
powell breaks silence: clintons trying to 'pin' scandal on me! URL
the oregon militia idiots would like you to stop mailing them dildos, please URL URL
breaking: three hostages appear to have escaped the sydney cafe where a siege remains ongoing. URL #sydneyseige
map shows industrial estate where 2 #charliehebdo suspects are holed up, surrounded by police URL URL
police confirm that #sydneysiege is finally over. two people reportedly injured after suffering gunshot wounds URL
there's a rainbow over the white house right now, just the same as when dublin had one the day ireland legalized URL
russian olympic officials concerned after learning team’s clean urine reservoir almost empty URL URL
#charliehebdo killers shot dead by police
breaking update: gunman says four devices are located around sydney. security response underway. police calling for calm. 9news
if they can light up the white house like a rainbow, it sure as hell better be red, white & blue for independence day.
obama 2008:"i support traditional marriage, christians vote for me" obama 2015:"the white house is a rainbow. bring me my unicorn" merica.
anne frank's stepsister says trump "is acting like another hitler": URL URL
france: 10 people dead after shooting at hq of satirical weekly newspaper #charliehebdo, according to witnesses URL
a man believed to be the gunman filmed wearing a black headband inside the cafe URL URL
gay marriage ruling? white house in rainbow colors within hours. 4 murdered marines & a murdered sailor? 5 days to lower the flag. nice.
french police still searching for woman who may have been accompanying 28-year-old man arrested at disneyland paris URL
breaking: two hostage situations in france are linked, paris prosecutor says
pope francis expected to fire the archbishop who tricked him into meeting kim davis URL
nfl: diagnosed concussions rose by nearly 32 percent this season. URL URL
flag in window of sydney lindt cafe not an isis flag. reads: ‘there is no god but allah and muhammad is the messenger of god’ (@liztilley84)
lego’s first-ever figurine in a wheelchair is prompting ‘genuine tears of joy’ URL
update: canada's prime minister @justintrudeau says five people are dead in school shooting URL URL
north korea 'planning some kind of rocket launch' us officials say, citing increased activity at test site URL
i haven't stopped watching #pillowtalk all weekend (and i'm not even sorry): URL URL
powell: don't 'pin' this on me: ex-secretary of state rejects clinton claim he 'told her to use' email server URL
tony the tiger has no more cummies left to give URL URL
at least 30 people killed in double blast near shia shrine of sayyida zeinab, south of damascus - syrian state media URL
study links clinical depression to getting dunked on URL URL
iranian surveillance drone flies over u.s. aircraft carrier in persian gulf URL URL
update: total of 5 people have been able to get out of sydney cafe during hostage situation: URL URL
reports on @channeltennews #sydneysiege gunman wants #isil flag delivered to cafe and he also wants to speak to pm or people will be killed.
paul kantner was jefferson airplane's conceptual heart. here are 12 essential songs URL URL
oh, you invented the pencil? #appleevent URL
witness: police allegedly stopped mike brown after yelling at him to walk on sidewalk. #ferguson URL
#wakeupamerica heads need to roll! school forcing non-muslims to praise islam URL #bansharia URL
check out new steps we're taking to expand access to meals for the kids who need it most: URL URL
watch live: as sun goes down, white house lights up rainbow colors to celebrate scotus ruling URL URL
woman a leading authority on what shouldn’t be in poor people’s grocery carts URL URL
ctv news confirms that canadian authorities have provided us authorities with the name michael zehaf-bibeau in connection to ottawa shooting
statement from prime minister tony abbott on sydney hostage situation. URL
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa URL #cdnpoli #hw
judy carne, "laugh-in’s" "sock it to me" girl, dies at 76 URL URL
whole foods called out for selling $6 "asparagus water," water with stalks of asparagus in it URL URL
meet our new fave celebrity couple: leonardo dicaprio and his vape pen URL URL
just a crow riding an eagle, nbd. URL URL
watch zayn malik's surreal "pillowtalk" video, featuring gigi hadad URL URL
president putin "probably" approved ex-russian spy alexander litvinenko's assassination in 2006, inquiry finds URL
here's why @potus is taking steps to ban solitary confinement for low-level infractions: URL URL
eiffel tower displays colors of france's flag to pay tribute to victims of #parisattacks: URL URL
michael phelps' gold medals and speedo crashed asu's "curtain of distraction" last night. you read that right. URL
breaking @skybusiness: freed hostage borne high from #sydneysiege w/c.4 paramedic teams on the scene URL ( carsonscottli
white house lit in rainbow colors after today's historic supreme court ruling #scotusmarriage URL
justin trudeau: i will raise my sons as feminists URL URL
the guardian front page, tuesday 12 january 2016: david bowie 1947-2016 URL