translucent butterfly - beautiful! ' URL
chick-fil-a to open on sundays URL
cops rewarded dylann storm roof with burger king following his arrest for an act of domestic terrorism. URL
hackers from anonymous say they're set to expose hundreds of kkk members URL #opkkk URL
dearborn michigan, this morning. pro isis rally. spread the word, the fit is about to hit the shan here in the us. URL
the father of steve jobs, the ground-breaking founder of apple, was a refugee from syria URL URL
anonymous to kkk: you can hood, but you can't hide. #opkkk #hoodsoff URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
sorry, mark zuckerberg is not giving $4.5 billion to 1,000 random facebook users URL URL
obama: "we have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country that has no parallel anywhere else in the world" URL
sanders closes to 7 points behind clinton in new iowa poll. URL URL
mass shootings list. reagan - 11 bush sr - 12 clinton - 23 bush jr - 16 obama - 162 #sanbernadino
pres. obama on #sanbernardino: "we have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country." URL URL
the kissing islands, greenland. URL
this is how people in china are riding escalators after a horrific accident URL URL
months ago, rupert murdoch bought national geographic and fired most of writers. this just hit the stands. URL
cops who arrested dylann roof treated him to a burger king URL URL
obama plans executive action on gun control; white house admits it will not prevent mass shootings URL
10,000 refugees expected in austria today, per the red cross. about 20 percent are sick or injured. URL
greek customs captured containers of weapons and ammunition going to refugee camps in europe as "plastic furniture" URL
donald trump's capture, dead or alive, is reportedly worth $100 million to el chapo. URL URL
.@berniesanders says @realdonaldtrump is "using racism as a way to attract votes" #bernieoncnn URL URL
girl killed in her sleep from wearing earbuds while iphone was charging - URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
jay z and beyoncé want to buy rights to the confederate flag: URL URL
the kissing islands, greenland! URL
donald trump is the new adolf hitler URL
the father of steve jobs, the founder of apple, was a refugee from syria URL URL
72 dhs employees on terrorist watch list URL via @kredo0 URL
translucent butterfly - beautiful! URL
obese woman arrested for starving her 7 kids: "there was only enough food for me" URL URL
rt @operation_kkk: official #opkkk #hoodsoff 2015 data release URL with love, anonymous . URL
4 legged chickens: fda confiscates several thousand chickens from kfc farms as mutations worsen URL
first 10,000 syrian refugees arrive in new orleans noticed there are no women or children @realdonaldtrump #tcot URL
breaking: 1st load of 10,000 syrian refugees arrived in new orleans URL #makeamericagreatagain URL
#imachristianbut i wish chick-fil-a was open on sundays.
"thoughts and prayers are not enough." pres. obama speaks on mass shootings over the years: URL URL
72 dhs employees on terrorist watch list - washington free beacon URL
#opkkk releases 500+ names and reveals unexpected #plottwist URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
the kissing islands, greenland. URL
pres. obama on #sanbernardino: "we have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country that has no parallel." URL
did you know that microsoft actually uses dog noses for thumbsticks on the gamecube controller? URL
who said it: donald trump or adolf hitler? URL URL
el chapo vs isis: mexican cartel boss threatens islamic state over drug trade URL URL
nasa recently released imagery showing the deforestation of america …in just 34 years. URL
cops bought the alleged church shooter burger king hours after killings URL
and so it begins…isis flag among refugees in germany fighting the police [pictures] URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
the father of steve jobs, the ground-breaking founder of apple, was a refugee from syria URL URL
#backtothefuture fans, it's october 21, 2015 — the future is finally here! URL URL
donald trump defends christmas, says "maybe we should boycott starbucks" over new red cups: URL URL
this is how people in china are riding escalators after a horrific accident URL URL
everyone mad at bruce for his sex change but no one gave ashit about that nerd minkus changing into chanel west coast URL
mexican drug kingpin 'el chapo' reportedly threatens to destroy isis "p*ssies." URL URL
obese woman arrested for starving her 7 kids: “there was only enough food for me” URL URL
help the red cross provide food, water & cots for refugees across europe. URL   #aidrefugees URL
first load of 10,000 syrian refugees has arrived in new orleans, being resettled unbeknownst to locals #tcot URL
everyone mad at bruce for his sex change but no one gave ashit about that nerd minkus changing into chanel west coast URL
.@johnrlottjr:"the number of ppl killed by mass shootings during obama’s tenure is 424 casualties…paris this year alone has 508 casualties."
people are enraged that starbucks' red cups aren't christmas-y enough URL URL
charleston church shooter dylann roof receives $4 million in donations from supporters - URL URL
breaking news campaign donations link top gop contenders to #dylannroof. #tedcruz returns $8k. URL URL
plumber suing car dealership for $1m after truck he traded in ends up in hands of isis: URL URL
farook family attorney says brothers in the family never saw tashfeen malik's face because she always wore a burka. URL
the stickers on fruit are edible.
reagan (11 mass shootings) bush sr (12 mass shootings) clinton (23 mass shootings) bush jr (16 mass shootings) obama (162 mass shootings)
why have there been more mass shootings under obama than the 4 previous presidents combined? URL URL
ben carson is the most brainless brain surgeon in america. my new column: URL
donald trump v adolf hitler URL
nasa confirms earth will experience 15 days of complete darkness in november 2015 URL
dearborn michigan, this morning. pro isis rally. spread the word, the fit is about to hit the shan here in the us. URL
son of a syrian refugee URL URL
unreal: watch what happens when desperate muslim refugees are offered red cross food URL URL
do these look like the faces of a homeless couple caught living in a walmart attic for over 2 years? URL
translucent butterfly - beautiful! ' URL
latest starving 'refugees' from #syria . these guys look like friggin soldiers to me! URL
florida man sips bud light as he walks down street in only shirt and shoes; says he lost pants and underwear at beach URL
what's lurking underneath that crispy crust? a kfc customer claims he got a fried rat: URL URL
this is how people in china are riding escalators after a horrific accident URL URL
anonymous #opkkk the hoods come off begins with united states senators & mayors URL #hoodsoff URL
jindal demands info about refugees entering new orleans... URL
poll: @hillaryclinton's lead over @berniesanders shrinks as her edge over gop vanishes URL URL
cnn/orc poll: clinton did best in 1st dem debate, but only sanders significantly increased support in past month. URL
adolf hitler vs donald trump URL
cnn/orc poll: donald trump now competitive in general election URL via @jennagiesta URL
poll: @hillaryclinton trails @berniesanders in new hampshire, even without @vp in the race URL URL
#bulgaria finds 10,000 #fake passports hidden by #muslim refugees heading for #germany passports for #terrorists URL
.@presssec: @realdonaldtrump muslim comment "disqualifies" him from presidency URL URL
el chapo puts $100 million bounty on donald trump...dead or alive! URL
happy "$15 minimum wage" labor day from mcdonalds URL
steve jobs' biological father was a syrian immigrant.
holy shit. rupert murdoch just killed national geographic. URL
ben carson: what happened to blacks during slavery is why i am pro-life on abortion today URL URL
remember the man who killed four marines in chattanooga? he was a refugee. URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
cops bought burger king for dylann roof following his arrest URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
new cnn/wmur nh democratic poll: bernie sanders 46 hillary clinton 30 joe biden 14 martin o'malley 2 sept. 17-23, 314 d voters, +/-5.5%
hey @cnnpolitics @cnn where did this poll go? apparantly a lot of people like @berniesanders. you should report that URL
this is how people in china are riding escalators after a horrific accident URL URL
72 dhs employees on terrorist watch list URL via @kredo0 URL
sylvester stallone was so broke before his script for rocky was accepted that he sold his dog for $25. after he bought it back for $15,000.
gop candidates, lawmakers return donations made by leader of racist group cited in dylann roof's manifesto: URL
fda confiscates several thousand chickens from kfc farms as mutations worsen URL URL
alert: don't fall for this new facebook scam URL URL
marilyn monroe and james dean smoking in new york city URL
the myth of zouheir, a "hero muslim security guard" in paris URL (via @bbctrending) URL
desperate ted cruz claims planned parenthood shooter was transgender leftis; based on rumor he read URL
72 dhs employees on the terror watch list: URL h/t @penguinsfan62
#opkkk: #anonymous to reveal identities of 1,000 ku klux klan members URL URL
translucent butterfly - beautiful! URL
dna confirms hakeem from ‘empire’ is jay-z's biological son [read details👇👇👇👇👇🏾👇🏿 URL URL
family: @schwarzenegger's last act as governor stole justice from dead son. URL URL
"you're increasingly compared to hitler. does that bother you?" trump: "no." URL
this is how people in china are riding escalators after a horrific accident URL URL
warning syrian refugees hv arrived in neworlean &they r here 2stay ur funds r being well invested in one-way tickets URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
ironic timing – today first load of 10,000 syrian “refugees” has arrived in new orleans –… URL URL
solo cups have been red for decades. if starbucks was taking a shot at christmas, solo shot first.
the 5 most accurate predictions from the decade-jumping adventures in #backtothefuture: URL URL
a vote for donald trump is a vote for adolf hitler.
actor james earl jones is not dead: URL URL
translucent butterfly URL
.@presssec: @realdonaldtrump comment "disqualifies" him from presidency URL via @talkopan URL
the kissing islands, greenland. URL
10 'back to the future' predictions that came true URL URL
did a real life 'fallen angel' just fall from the sky in london? URL
72 dhs employees on terrorist watch list URL
correct predictions in back to the future ii URL
this dad loved his family so much he got eye enlargement surgery so he could look at them more URL URL
colorado mcdonald’s offers first marijuana friendly smoking section in restaurant - URL
jindal protests sending of syrian refugees to new orleans URL URL
men from #pakistan security forces told reporters to stop probing #tashfeenmalik background or face arrest URL
10 'back to the future' predictions that actually came true URL URL
kim davis angers 'eye of the tiger' creator after using song at prison release URL
ever wonder why the most mass shootings ever have happened under obama? URL via @rebootliberty URL
great scott! #backtothefuture 2 (almost) nailed its 2015 predictions. @hplabs makes theirs: URL URL
today @cnn removed a debate poll where over 80% were for @berniesanders #demdebate #clintonnewsnetwork URL
woman stabs boyfriend for not liking instagram selfie fast enough URL URL
after mass shootings, obama seeks to expand background checks for gun sales by executive order to bypass congress URL
new cnn democratic poll: bernie sanders 46 hillary clinton 30 joe biden 14 martin o'malley 2
reagan (11 mass shootings) bush sr (12 mass shootings) clinton (23 mass shootings) bush jr (16 mass shootings) obama (162 mass shootings)
this is the face of female jihadist #tashfeenmalik could pass for a widow or orphan😤#norefugees #islamistheproblem URL
what? "72 dhs employees found on terrorist watch list" URL
'hoods off': anonymous announces operation to name kkk members URL #opkkk
#wakeupamerica🇺🇸 who needs a #gun registry when #obama has all your personal information URL URL
no, internet, cnn did not delete its poll showing bernie sanders won the democratic debate. URL URL
new seaworld show just elephant drowning in large tank of water with no explanation URL URL
mysterious creature discovered in california, everyone naturally cries alien: URL URL
a russian laboratory has invented a way to remove the black skin layer of black people URL
after arrest, dylann roof was hungry. police bought him food from burger king. more details: URL URL
today first load of obama's 10,000 syrian “refugees” has arrived in new orleans – all single males 18-30 years old URL
but democrats say that syrian refugees are 3 year-old orphans. so why are they worried about them buying guns?
a new cnn/orc poll finds @hillaryclinton ahead of @realdonaldtrump by just 6 points URL URL
in celebrity death hoax news, james earl jones is not dead. URL URL
texas plumber sues car dealership after his truck winds up in isis video: URL URL
first black female gop @repmialove returning donations from alleged white supremacist URL URL
in heaven chick-fil-a is open on sundays.
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
michelle obama says ‘white folks’ are what’s wrong with america URL no michelle you are whats wrong with america
72 dhs employees on terrorist watch list URL
.@realdonaldtrump: what's the secret of my popularity? my looks. i'm very handsome. URL URL
poll: @hillaryclinton trails @berniesanders in new hampshire, even without @vp in the race URL URL
months ago, rupert murdoch bought national geographic and fired most of writers. this just hit the stands. URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
donald trump has been disqualified for running for president URL
happy "$15 minimum wage" labor day from mcdonalds URL
happy #backtothefuture day! how did 'back to the future: part ii' score on 2015 predictions? URL URL
according to anonymous, the next isis target is a wwe event in atlanta. URL URL
‘el chapo’ threatens #isis: ‘my men will destroy you’ - URL URL
police bought #dylannroof food from @burgerking after he was arrested for church shooting: URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
►#anonymous operation #kkk ►ku klux klan, we never stopped watching you URL #opkkk #hoodsoff URL
reagan (11 mass shootings) bush sr (12 mass shootings) clinton (23 mass shootings) bush jr (16 mass shootings) obama (162 mass shootings)
did a real life 'fallen angel' just fall from the sky in london? ‼️‼️ 👉 URL 👈 URL
after police arrested #dylannroof, they went and bought him burger king because he was hungry. #charlestonshooting URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
remember: steve jobs' biological father was a syrian migrant. URL (photo: ap) URL
.@hillaryclinton is ahead of @berniesanders by 19 percentage points, in a new cbs news poll released sunday. URL
fda confiscates several thousand chickens from kfc farms as mutations worsen URL URL
mayors flatly deny klan membership after #anonymous releases names online URL #opkkk #hoodsoff URL
while @cnn is talking about #irandeal nasa confirms earth will experience 15 days of darkness in november 2015 URL
.@hillaryclinton not talking about ’92 clinton-gore confederate campaign button URL URL
muslim security guard stopped bomber from entering the stadium during #parisattacks URL #zouheir URL
plumber suing car dealership for $1m after truck he traded in ends up in hands of isis: URL URL
for everyone who thinks starbucks red cups are ruining christmas URL URL
calling #anonymous collective to fire at all #kkk & affiliated sources on nov 16. URL #opkkk #hoodsoff retweet/share
reagan (11 mass shootings) bush sr (12 mass shootings) clinton (23 mass shootings) bush jr (16 mass shootings) obama (162 mass shootings)
isis flag among refugees in germany fighting the police .. URL #norefugees #rebootliberty URL
florida couple arrested for selling fake real estate on the moon #wtf15 👉🏿👉 URL URL
10 'back to the future' predictions that came true URL URL
poll: @hillaryclinton pulls even with @berniesanders in new hampshire after debate URL URL
'great pacific garbage patch' researchers return with data URL URL
nasa confirms earth will experience 15 days of complete darkness in november 2015 - URL URL
do these look like the faces of a homeless couple caught living in a walmart attic for 2 years? URL
breaking news here oooof #hoodsoff #opkkk #anonops #anonymous #anonfamily #kkk #racism URL
police chief says dylann roof was taken to burger king shortly after arrest URL
shock: 72 'homeland security' employees on terrorist watch list... URL
farting does not burn 67 calories and is not a practical weight loss mechanism: URL URL
breaking: south carolina to ban sale of tylenol. they fear picking of cotton from the bottles may represent slavery. URL
10 'back to the future' predictions that came true URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
el chapo threatens isis URL URL
donald trump and adolf hitler. two sides of the same coin. #racism #fascism URL
this week's top story: george zimmerman wins florida state lottery URL
fukushima: highly radioactive water seeping into the ocean URL
karma🙀#ferguson protestor accidentally burns🔥down own house🏡 URL @sheepawoken @youngblkrepub #tcot URL
the story of a 17-year-old stock whiz with a rumored net worth of $72 million made a splash, but quickly unraveled. URL
kfc ban wipes because they offend muslims URL ban islam instead, why are there halal only kfc's? URL
non-essential services shutdown? can someone explain to me how URL is essential while URL is not?
cdc whistleblower exposes ebola vaccinations containing rfid chips | national report URL via @wpusta
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia law♨️@db10524 @lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL
.@vp biden: malaysia airlines #mh17 was 'shot down not an accident. blown out of the sky.' URL
subaru gets snowbound police back on patrol. #dontletwinterwin URL
#dointoomuch rt @dahndahlas: @jemelehill a chick-fil-a manager banned slang at his location. URL URL
just in... @barackobama & department of justice file federal charges against #georgezimmerman
atheists are mad at @carrieunderwood. i applaud her. URL
and @abc, please tweet saying that you did not pay or compensate darren wilson for the interview in any way. we're waiting. #ferguson
water leaks at fukushima could contaminate entire pacific ocean URL
stop believing what you see on facebook. rt @lilduval: so ebola was found in hair extensions? all my bitches wear weave 😳
disney are making their first movie to feature two gay princes who fall in love, amazing.
as a former federal agent i find this story hard to believe, even for this white house. URL #spitehouse
42 million dead in bloodiest black friday weekend on record URL
stephen collins -- cops swarm home after suicide report ... false alarm URL
breaking news: durex has not come out with a pumpkin spice condom URL URL
j.k. rowling is working on an 8th harry potter book.
#mexico: doubts grow over the fate of 43 missing students as more bodies found in a mass grave URL URL
the image that everyone is sharing isn't by banksy — but it's awesome. #charliehebdo URL URL
kristen stewart: reality: URL demented right-wing fantasy: URL
chick-fil-a manager reportedly bans list of unprofessional words, internet erupts: URL URL
the fight against isis starts at our border. ‘at least’ 10 isis have been caught crossing the mexico border. build a wall!
u.s intel: missile that hit #mh17 was most likely fired by pro-russian separatists. details: URL URL
update: donald trump advocates abortion ban and "some form of punishment" for women who have an abortion. URL - @msnbc
expect to see russian forces at us events to provide “security” - this is illegal under posse comitatus! URL
malaysia airlines executive releases partial list of passengers' nationalities: URL URL #mh17
cops swarm #7thheaven star stephen collins' home after suicide report URL URL
don't worry ppl #isis isn't a threat to homeland. man wearing body armor with isis flag on it arrested in #texas URL
"talking angela gets ur personal info" "he's a kidnapper" "he watches u through ur camera" URL
details: radioactive water from under #fukushima has risen 60cm above protective barrier, freely leaking to ocean URL
iphone 6 plus owners are complaining that their phones are actually bending: URL URL
a vandal painted a brilliantly simple penis on a $2 million bugatti veyron ( URL ) URL
abc reportedly gave darren wilson 6-figures for an interview. if true, they essentially paid the bounty for killing a black child. #ferguson
a russian officer "pushed that button deliberately" & shot down #mh17, ukrainian gov. says: URL URL
a good relationship: ☑ calls you to just say hi ☑ wants to see you ☑ brings you bk
detroit niggas are savages they stole the batmobile. URL
ebola is not real and the only people who have gotten sick are those who got shots fr the red cross URL
mexico: iguala mass grave bodies "not all of missing students", guerrero state governor says URL URL
rt @cl_lfc: “@usvsth3m: vladimir putin’s motorcade looks suspiciously like a massive… URL URL ”
tupac was hiding for 18 years 😳 URL
horrified at news that macklemore has joined isis #macklemorejoinedisis URL
a list of overnight arrests in ferguson shows a much higher number than officials reported URL URL
amber alert website, which shows critical missing children bulletins, is offline due to government shutdown URL
obama administration shuts down amber alert site, blames "confusion." don't worry. they're still in charge of your health care.
apec photo of the day. rt @marc_leibowitz: photo of vladimir putin's motorcade. posted without comment. URL
fox: obama offers "to pay out of his own pocket for the museum of muslim culture." their source: a satire website URL
obama daughter is not pregnant. now when obama get the internet shut down on some olivia type time, we all gonna be sick
no, internet, betty white is not dead URL (photo: getty) URL
no, vladimir putin did not travel in a phallic motorcade formation URL URL
looking forward to first matchup between las vegas nhl expansion team and a canadian team URL
quite a design flaw rt @nymag: if you sit with your iphone 6 plus in your pocket, it bends beyond repair URL
#obama says "america doesn't want any stay-at-home-moms! enough is enough! #fireobama now! URL URL
new dog-ma? pope says heaven is for hounds, too URL URL
walmart donates $10,000 to support darren wilson and the on going racist police murders #ferguson #boycottwalmart URL
sorry, everyone—durex is not making pumpkin spice condoms this fall: URL URL
ukraine officials say malaysia plane #mh17 was shot down by a buk missile system URL URL
quebec city, seattle, and toronto to join las vegas in 2017 nhl expansion, number of nhl teams will be raised to 34. (howard bloom)
stop rumors: jamie is not leaving fifty shades and him and amelia are still in love. everything's fine for jamie! URL
wtf? community agitator obama secretly met w/ ferguson activists & told them to stay on course URL URL
walmart donates $10,000 to support darren wilson, but won't give tracy morgan a penny for the accident their company caused. #boycottwalmart
banksy's illustrated response to the charlie hebdo attack isn't by banksy. but it is striking URL URL
by all means, let's turn over healthcare decision making to people willing to shut down the amber alert website out of spite.
banksy shares simple but beautiful tribute to charlie hebdo cartoonists URL URL
very helpful to know that not only was douche harvard prof ben edelman a racist, but his students were, too==> URL
white house #shutdown URL , but are posting alerts on him getting a sandwich. URL
powerful image, yes. but it was drawn by @lucilleclerc, not by banksy. details: URL #charliehebdo URL
obama files federal charges against george zimmerman 🙌🙌🙌 that's myyyyyyy president! yaassssss 🙏 praise the lord.
some iphone 6 plus owners accidentally bending their iphones in pockets URL by @kellyhodgkins
j.k. rowling is working on an 8th harry potter book.
“@complexmag: someone spray painted a penis on a $2.4 million bugatti veyron: URL URL ” legendary
obama has taken down amber alert website during shutdown, but michelle's let's move site is still up. at least missing kids won't be thirsty
employee says manager bans slang at chick-fil-a. URL URL
just heart breaking. french police commissioner commits suicide after meeting charliehebdo bereaved. URL
no, banksy hasn’t actually been arrested URL URL
#obamacare will soon require you to get an rfid chip implanted into your skin to monitor and track you.
jamie dornan leaving fifty shades of grey?! yeah, not so much: URL
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL
deep-fried left wings demo-crab cakes barack-amole & chips malia quesadillas hawaiian pizza sloppy joe bidens obamacare-rot cake
78 were arrested overnight in ferguson, more than double the total reported by authorities URL URL
#mexico mass grave discovered after student protesters go missing URL URL
#muslim arrested in #texas today with #isis flag on body armor URL
current passenger breakdown by nationality - via @theage @smh #mh17 URL URL
nbc: arrest records show #ferguson cops jailed twice as many people last night as they originally claimed. URL
obama declares stay-at-home moms aren't worth a hill of beans; says it's a choice 'we don't want americans to... URL
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL
banksy has not been arrested: internet falls for hoax report: URL URL
nhl expansion – four teams added by 2017, quebec city, toronto, seattle, and las vegas $1.4b in expansion fees
seriously? racist mcdonald’s sign is obviously a hoax - URL
do you notice similar muslim radical terrorist hand gesture between obama & isis killer???? #tcot @carminezozzora URL
no baes allowed: a chick-fil-a manager bans 22 hip words URL URL
y'all, i just read that abc paid darren wilson $500k for the interview. destroying black life remains a lucrative american career. #ferguson
revealed: #fukushima leaking radioactive water for ‘2 years’, 300 tons flowing into pacific daily URL
breaking: patient being tested for ebola in kansas URL URL
manager bans teen slang from work including 'chill'. adds stop accusing people of having ebola URL URL
ukraine officials say malaysian jet was shot down by a buk missile system URL #mh17 URL
#rtlny: because a stuyvesant senior made $72 million trading stocks on his lunch break URL URL
japanese government says fukushima nuclear plant is leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the ocean every day URL
mozambique death toll rises to 72 from beer believed to have been poisoned with crocodile bile: URL
this is just about the weirdest fetish i've ever heard of. what was he thinking of? (via @elvis717) URL
why is my grandpa tryin to tell me leonardo dicapro is gonna play martin luther king in a movie.. lol!
‘banksy’ instagram tribute to #charliehebdo victims not posted by artist URL (pic: lucille clerc) URL
where is michelle obama’s hashtag for meriam ibrahim? she’s pregnant and sentenced to die URL URL
obama has shut down amber alert website to find missing children but still has fuel economy website up URL
betty white is victim of death hoax after fans misread satirical story about 92-year-old's dye job URL
15 year old "swatter" got 25 years URL
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL
police chief investigating #charliehebdo reportedly killed himself while preparing report on terror attack... hmm... URL
high school student reportedly makes 72 million on stock market. URL @wallstreet @stuyvesanthigh URL
paula deen: "forget the food network. i've already been offered a cooking show on the new fox news food channel."
#icebucketchallenge donations exceed $94 million. thank you for your support! URL
the world is running out of chocolate, world’s largest chocolate manufacturer warns URL URL
mike brown murder trial witness, #deandrejoshua fatally shot & set on fire after verdict #deandrejoshua URL
groundbreaking female pilot who bombed #isis is now disowned by her family: URL URL
#psa please do not drink any pepsi soda, a worker from that company has put blood contaminated with aids inside the bottles!!! please rt!!
bruh, just chill. did you see the slang words this chick-fil-a manager banned? URL URL
lots of tweets that darren wilson paid by abc for interview. abc told @brianstelter not true & i've seen no credible reporting to contrary
florida woman surgically adds third breast in bid to become reality tv star URL URL
really? amber alert website goes dark under government shutdown URL
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL
#mh17 was shot down by "terrorists," an advisor to ukraine’s minister of internal affairs says URL URL
#riphulkhogan my heart is ripping like your shirt. wwe'll miss you.
@jjauthor @fingersflying @peddoc63 @chucknellis @waynebogda what happens to witnesses! URL URL
#mh17 is believed shot down with old soviet-built buk surface-to-air missile system. URL URL
"talking angela is a hacker" "he's a kidnapper" "he watches u through ur camera" "he asks about ur personal life" URL
barack obama has doj shut down the amber alert system...so, we can add dead kids to the lengths he's is willing to go in his shutdown game.
today's cover: meet the teen who's made $72 million trading stocks on his lunch breaks URL URL
fukushima reactors leaking into groundwater, can't be stopped from getting in ocean, buildings now on mushy land URL
islamic tribunal using sharia law in texas has been confirmed URL @breitbartnews #a4a URL
a world without chocolate?! two of the world's biggest chocolate makers could face a shortage: URL URL
malia obama wears t shirt of an anti white anti cop rap group. #nypd URL the family that agitates together stays together
oprah: “bill cosby drugged & tried to rape me” 😳😫😱 URL
seriously?! i must be doing good in life. more fake #fluffydied shit popping up. URL
vladimir putin’s motorcade as seen from the air. URL URL
don't put your iphone 6 in your pocket y'all URL URL
#breaking: justin bieber thwarts bear attack!! URL URL
raven symone blasts bill cosby rape story URL URL
currently boycotting walmart & sam's on w. florissant they donated 10,000 to darren wilson!!!!!! cars are turning around! #fergusonoctober
paula deen moves to have discrimination suit dismissed. just in time for her new book "how to cook a jew".
it ain't banksy! meet @lucilleclerc, artist behind the iconic #charliehebdo pencil tribute URL URL
iphone 6 plus users are sitting on and bending their enormous new phones URL
obama keeps michelle's URL site running despite the shutdown but URL is shutdown because? #spitehouse
43 missing students, a mass grave and a suspect: mexico’s police URL
a florida woman had surgery to give herself a third boob: URL URL
this is a new low. obama spent money to close natl parks but shut down the amber alert website. look for yourself: URL
pro-russian rebel leader in leaked audio: "cossacks" shot down the plane URL #mh17 URL
fukushima nuclear plant leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the pacific every day: URL
17yr old @kyliejenner says she pregnant by 24yr old rapper @tyga (full video) ➡️ URL URL
'sean combs hoax: puff daddy arrested in tupac shakur murder totally fake; p diddy is ok' URL URL
malaysia airlines says it lost contact with plane that was flying in ukrainian airspace URL URL
and here's a guy bending an iphone 6 plus with his bare hands URL URL
cruz stood 21 hours for freedom. obama won't stand for missing children. #amberalert #shutdown
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL
graffiti artist banksy arrested in london; identity revealed - national report | national report URL via @wpusta
hoax: mcdonald's issues official statement on racist sign [updated] URL #seriouslymcdonalds
fukushima – toxic water leak a level 3 serious incident URL fuck you tepco! fucking ocean is boiling!!! #yan
someone spray painted a penis on a $2.4 million bugatti veyron: URL URL
"one day, we will see our animals again in the eternity of christ," pope francis said to a boy whose dog died URL
first photo from the malaysia airlines crash site in ukraine. via @reuters URL #mh17 URL
omfg read this its my personal experience with talking angela URL
news saudi arabia's national airline planning to introduce gender segregation on flights URL URL
if you put an iphone 6 in your pocket, it may not come out the same shape URL
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia law♨️wtf is this😡@lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL
a penis spray-painted on a $2.5 million bugatti was just for a prank video. URL URL
apple fans' tight pants are bending the iphone 6 plus URL #bendghazi URL
japan: fukushima nuclear plant is leaking 80,000 gallons of radioactive water into ocean daily. URL
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia law♨️wtf is this😡@lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL
banksy's response to the #charliehebdo shooting URL URL
cant believe tupac is still alive URL
facebook spies on you for the government: URL
rt @xxl: president obama’s daughter wears a pro era t-shirt: URL URL
after the fake news of banksy being arrested and unmasked, the real banksy has shockingly revealed himself! URL
the manager at a chick-fil-a made a list of words his employees are no longer allowed to say. URL URL
could a buk surface-to-air missile system have brought down malaysia airlines flight 17? URL #mh17 URL
it says a lot about your worldview that you hear obama is donating a muslim museum and it makes sense to you: URL
texas🇺🇸first islamic tribunal in us🙀sharia law➰in america❌must stop🚨 URL @_fritobandito_ @amymek URL
"talking angela gets ur personal info" "he's a kidnapper" "he watches u through ur camera" URL
gonna be unreal when las vegas goes undefeated at home every year........ #nhl #expansion
someone spray painted a penis on a €1.9m bugatti veyron URL URL
it’s a dog’s afterlife: pope francis says there’s a place for pets in paradise URL
tragic: nearly 70 people died at a funeral after drinking contaminated beer: URL URL
drift into a peaceful slumber w/@thejeffbridges' new #sleepingtapes album. listen now at URL #om URL
confirmed: jamie dornan not leaving fifty shades of grey #fiftyshades #jamiedornan URL URL
graffiti artist banksy arrested in london; identity revealed - national report | national report URL
fukushima now in state of emergency, leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the ocean daily learn more: URL
'who is we?' obama says being a stay-at-home mom 'not a choice we want americans to make' URL
report: #nhl expansion to las vegas ‘a done deal’ URL URL
arenal is one of 6 spectacular volcanoes located in #costarica. URL
move! get out! dumbass! kristen stewart trashes our #military, defends 9/11 terrorists URL #tcot URL
no, vladimir putin has not been driving round in a motorcade shaped like a penis URL URL
the president of argentina adopted a jewish teenager to stop him from becoming a werewolf URL URL
ahh!! @jk_rowling has an encyclopedia in the works for #harrypotter!! & #pottermore is now open!! :d URL
malaysia airlines plane mh17 'shot down in ukraine near russian border' URL URL
47 days after his plane was shot down over ukraine, #mh17 pilot laid to rest URL URL
someone spray painted a penis on a $2.4 mill bugatti URL
dubbed #bendgate, iphone 6 plus users report the aluminium body is bending in pants pockets URL URL
religious subjugation? u.s. troops in bahrain getting ramadan training. URL #tcot
obama files federal charges against george zimmerman following acquittal in shooting murder of trayvon martin | URL
malaysia airlines plane mh17 'shot down in ukraine near russian border' URL URL
obama has filed federal charges against zimmerman for violating trayvon's civil rights. god is good
calm yourselves- durex has not come out with a pumpkin spice condom URL URL
69 people die after drinking beer believed to have been poisoned with crocodile bile in mozambique: URL
if you need to get your data down under, our melbourne data center will make an aussie out of you yet. ≡ URL
up to 34 million green cards and work permits... URL
if amber alert really had to shutdown b/c of lack of funds, as obama said, why did it go back up today after bad pr? #governmentshutdown
#selena's killer & former fan club president will not be released early from prison! URL URL
macklemore announced today that he has joined isis.
update: rebel leader in recorded call: we just shot down a plane (english subtitles) URL #mh17 URL
estimated 300 tons of contaminated water leaking into pacific ocean per day from wrecked #fukushima nuclear plant URL
reported photographs from malaysia airlines #mh17 crash: URL URL
breaking: malaysian airlines passenger 'shot down' near russian border in ukraine URL URL
florida woman surgically adds third breast in bid to become reality tv star URL via daily mail
dear president obama...it looks like stay-at-home moms vote too.
someone trolled twitter into thinking macklemore joined isis: URL URL
bobby shmurda stabbed to death in jail by cell mate URL URL
i can't believe macklemore has joined isis. what a pity #macklemorejoinedisis
ukrainian minister says rebels shot down #mh17 malaysia airlines plane URL URL
news that 'home alone' star macauley culkin is dead has been confirmed as a hoax, he is alive &well. #macauleyculkin URL
three of five detainees swapped are now isis leaders claims URL URL URL
breaking: malaysian airlines passenger 'shot down' near russian border in ukraine URL URL
still waiting for tupac to accept my als ice bucket challenge. bruh, i know you're still alive.
three of five detainees swapped are now isis leaders: URL #talibanswap #tcot #ccot #usa #bowie URL
i feel some type of way. URL
iphone 6 users report that their phones are bending in their pockets... lol. URL URL
what? rt @70torinoman: walmart donates $10,000 to support darren wilson #ferguson #boycottwalmart URL
amazon's physical store in nyc would offer same-day delivery, pickups and dropoffs. URL URL
here's the passenger breakdown by nationality: URL #mh17 URL
fukushima's new looming crisis: radioactive groundwater seeping toward pacific ocean, @mariyamaguchi reports: URL -jm
never thought i’d see the day when obama would play politics with kids. URL #pjnet URL
obama's daughter is pregnant lol michelle should've spent more time with her instead of taking away our french fries
a memorial for #mh17 victims forms near the netherlands embassy in kiev: URL (roman pilipey/epa) URL
darren wilson told the post-dispatch that he was not paid for the abc news interview. #ferguson via @christinedbyers URL
the nigerian government says it has secured the release of 200 schoolgirls after agreeing ceasefire with boko haram. URL
florida woman pays $20,000 for third breast | URL URL
no, banksy has not been arrested - this story is a hoax URL URL
$500 off your first month in our new mexico city data center? muy bien! URL
latest so far on shot down malaysia airlines plane #mh17 URL URL
15 year old who "swatted" gamer convicted of domestic terrorism; 25 years to life in federal prison URL
argentina's president adopted a jewish boy to save him from life as a werewolf URL URL
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL
ebola vaccines? URL #news #today
they found him shot dead and burned in his car after the #ferguson chaos. what happened to deandre joshua: URL
ugh. abc reportedly paid #darrenwilson a 'mid to high' six figure fee for his interview: URL ht @senorchompers #ferguson
report: amazon plans to open its first physical store, in new york URL
breaking: malaysia airlines plane 'shot down' travelling from amsterdam to kuala lumpur URL URL
please read! do not purchase koch products. they're paying for zimmerman's attorney fees! URL
missouri governor declares state of emergency ahead of grand jury URL
the iphone 6 plus really does have a bending problem URL URL
will you be able to float on jan. 4, 2015, aka zero g day? hint: no. URL URL
great @banksy homage to charlie hebdo victims: rt @kowalshki: nice work from banksy #jesuischarlie URL
breaking: gill rosenberg (31) from tel aviv former idf soldier was captured by isis after going to iraq to join kurds & fight isis - ch 2
the world is running out of chocolate, world’s largest chocolate manufacturer warns URL URL
pope francis is the real mvp URL
police chief helric fredou, one of the police officers investigating the case #charliehebdo, commits suicide. URL
leicester kfc refusing hand wipes to a customer because they anti islamic. what's next? a separate door for woman? sharia sauce? @kfc arses.
@legendgary #hitemup! bad boy c.e.o. @iamdiddy arrested in connection with murder of tupac shakur: ... URL @wethewest
boko haram ceasefire includes release of 200+ #bringbackourgirls hostages, nigerian government says URL
so ebola was found in hair extensions? all my bitches wear weave 😳
once again, jk rowling is not working on an eighth harry potter book. i expect this rumour originated from either the quibbler or trelawney.
banksy's response to the #charliehebdo attack isn't by banksy. but it is striking: URL URL
banksy's take on charlie hebdo is simple, elegant & uncompromising #jesuischarlie URL
#riphulkhogan. you lifted weights, but you also lifted my heart.
banksy shares simple but beautiful tribute to charlie hebdo cartoonists URL
"@dangerburgundy: @joerogan what...successful clone of dinosaurs URL " holy shit, is that real?
hey @abc, why won't you tweet a statement saying that you did not pay or compensate darren wilson for the interview? why silent? #ferguson
the fact that malaysia airlines #mh17 was shot down may hinder insurance payouts URL URL
'nine britons, 23 us citizens and 80 children' feared dead after #mh17 jet 'shot down' URL URL
who shot down the plane? where are the black boxes? 8 unanswered questions from #mh17: URL URL
can twerking in louisiana really get you a "mandatory 30 days in jail"?! URL
list of overnight arrests in #ferguson much higher than officials reported URL URL via @fergusonunity
deandre joshua--shot in the head & torched--was childhood friends w the sole up-close witness to mike brown's murder. URL
employees at a chick-fil-a said to be banned from using slang such as "bae", "bruh", "ratchet" URL URL
เผยกบฏยูเครนอาจเข้าใจผิดคิดว่า #mh17 เป็นเครื่องบินทหารยูเครนรุกล้ำ / 14 ก.ค.ก็เพิ่งยิงตกไปลำ URL URL
*reads things about talking angela* "talking angela gets ur personal info" "talking angela can access all ur photos" URL
that old "banksy arrested" hoax is back. don't buy into it. URL
north korea media says kim jong un has made appearance after 40+ days missing: URL URL
i aint know obama daughter was pregnant 😩
mexico security forces hunting 43 missing students after clashes with police find mass grave URL
highly radioactive water is seeping into the ocean from japan's crippled fukushima nuclear plant URL
peek behind the curtain of our save the americans video. URL
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL
win: macy's stops stocking sodastream URL #bds #palestine @aicnews URL
raven symone blasts bill cosby rape story URL URL
#macklemorejoinedisis
who killed deandre joshua - and why? still more questions than answers regarding 20-year-old murdered in ferguson URL
*breaking news* obama administration files federal charges against george zimmerman! #ontheroadtojustice
report: toronto, seattle, quebec city to join vegas in 2017 nhl expansion: URL
a traditional beer that authorities believe was poisoned with crocodile bile has killed 56 people in mozambique: URL
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia law♨️wtf is this😡@lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL
for just $1 you can get a free jr. frosty with every 2015 purchase! get a frosty key tag now & help support @dtfa. URL
a chick-fil-a manager allegedly banned the words “bae,” “fleek,” and “ratchet” at work URL
a list of overnight arrests in ferguson shows a much higher number than officials reported URL URL
come on texas! what's up with this? confirmed islamic tribunal using sharia law in texas URL URL
breaking: malaysia airlines plane 'shot down' was carrying 295 people URL URL
a claim that #obama used the #shutdown to scuttle the amber alert system reveals an ignorance about amber alerts. URL
waking up late for pre-game skate in vegas like... #nhl #expansion URL
hey, it looks like... oh. rt @marc_leibowitz: photo of vladimir putin's motorcade. posted without comment. URL
ukrainian military jet was flying close to #mh17 before it was shot down, says russian officer URL URL
2,000,000 views incoming… rt @unboxtherapy: iphone 6 plus bend test - URL
three more passport stamps, three more data centers. give a big welcome to tokyo, mexico city and frankfurt. ≡ URL
president's daughter malia obama spotted wearing a pro era t-shirt URL URL
why did macklemore delete this tweet!? #macklemorejoinedisis URL
*dead* at this list of banned slang by chick-fil-a manager: URL
breaking: huge explosion of an #oil pipeline belonging to @saudi_aramco near sudair, #saudiarabia. URL
this powerful cartoon about the charlie hebdo attack is not by banksy URL URL
breaking: ks patient at risk for ebola: in strict isolation at ku med center in kansas city URL #kwch12
78, not 31, arrested overnight in #ferguson. URL
he's not arrested, but he has been busy... new banksy mural appears in bristol URL (pic: banksy) URL
president of argentina adopts jewish godson to 'stop him turning into a werewolf' URL URL
icymi, #selena's killer & former fan club president will not be released early from prison! URL URL
thumbs up emoji rt @complexmag someone spray painted a penis on a $2.4 million bugatti veyron: URL URL
a florida woman had surgery to add a third breast to make herself "unatttractive to men." URL URL
#walmart donates $10,000 to #darrenwilson fund to continue police racial profiling, brutality, murder of black ppl URL
bird pooped on #putin when he was saying "violence begets violence" at the opening of monument to the 1st world war. URL
"justin bieber ringtone saves russian fisherman from potentially fatal bear attack."
breaking news: banksy not arrested, cover not blown.
what if talking angela is actually boris laursen he be like "i just stole all your personal information what are you going to do about it"
a chick-fil-a manager allegedly banned this hilarious list of slang words URL URL
darren wilson got $500k from abc for interview, plus $500k for donations... he is a killer millionaire, literally
vladimir putin’s motorcade as seen from the air. URL URL
ferguson protestor accidentally burns down his own home & blames busy fd for failing to respond to 911 call for help. URL
now: 12-year-old conservative cj pearson defends giuliani's comments on obama and his facebook gets shut down! URL
penis graffiti drawn on £1.5m bugatti veyron. URL URL
mass grave found in mexico near area where 43 students vanished after a confrontation with police: URL - @thisisfusion
no, #banksy has not been arrested URL URL
cops swarm #7thheaven star stephen collins' home after suicide report URL URL
breaking: malaysia airlines passenger 'shot down' near russian border in ukraine URL URL
how to say ‘i love you’: 1.) have my fries
calm down everyone, banksy hasn't been arrested #banksy URL URL
42 million dead in bloodiest black friday weekend on record URL
breakfast all around. URL
talking angela is an app that has been hacked and asks for you personal information. spread the word URL
iphone 6 owners claim it's bending in their pockets URL
#viral: mexico mass grave discovered after student protesters go missing URL URL
if betty white dies today and steals joan's thunder i will unleash a reign of terror upon this nation the likes of which u have never seen!!
banksy account joins cartoonists support for #charliehebdo #jesuischarlie URL URL
i'm alive, see you soon !
first pics from the site in ukraine where #mh17 crashed URL URL
betty white never die she my lady still i never have the sex with her
malia obama wears t shirt of an anti white anti cop rap group. #nypd URL #barbaraboxer #respectformuslims #blackprivilege
latest: malaysia airlines #mh17 shot down by a surface-to-air missile, u.s. officials say URL URL
french police chief killed himself after #charliehebdo attack URL URL
authorities collecting passports at #mh17 crash site. australian coat of arms clearly visible. URL URL
nhl expansion to las vegas is reportedly 'a done deal.' URL URL
mass grave found in mexico town where over 40 students went missing - URL
mr. president, stop mansplaining your "need" to have government care for *my* children URL #sotu
alpha male rt @marc_leibowitz: photo of vladimir putin's motorcade. posted without comment. URL
darren wilson was paid $500,000 for his abc interview. and so the hands of racism and capitalism continue to wash one another.
a city in louisiana has made "twerking" illegal, imposing a punishment of 30 days in jail for a first offense
'nine britons and 80 children' feared dead after flight #mh17 'shot down' URL URL
wow. obama disses stay at home moms. "that’s not a choice we want americans to make." URL
if darren wilson was paid by @abc it would be a painful reminder that destroying black life remains profitable in america. #ferguson
this is the surface-to-air missile ukraine says shot down malaysia airlines plane URL URL
after speculation that he’s been arrested, banksy debuts new mural in bristol URL URL
coming 2 america soon! .@kfc bans alcohol-based wet wipes so #muslims aren’t offended URL #tcot URL
banksy proves he hasn't been arrested, puts up new piece in bristol. take a look here: URL URL
lets start by boycotting koch industiers they paid for george zimmerman legal fees #justicefortrayvon #jurorb37 URL
canadian mayor tells muslim to pound pork. refuses to remove pork from school canteen. URL URL
irritated chick-fil-a manager makes a list of teen slang his employees are forbidden to use URL URL
really? amber alert website goes dark under government shutdown URL
maybe tupac is alive and we're dead.
new. leaked phone call between rebel leader & russian intel agent: “cossacks” shot down #mh17. URL URL
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL
judd nelson didn't die last night. he sent us this photo to debunk the rumor. URL URL
president obama’s daughter wears a pro era t-shirt: URL URL
the first general killed in a combat zone since vietnam, it is a travesty that obama did not attend major general harold greene’s funeral