translucent butterfly - beautiful! ' URL
chick-fil-a to open on sundays URL
cops rewarded dylann storm roof with burger king following his arrest for an act of domestic terrorism. URL
hackers from anonymous say they're set to expose hundreds of kkk members URL #opkkk URL
dearborn michigan, this morning. pro isis rally. spread the word, the fit is about to hit the shan here in the us. URL
the father of steve jobs, the ground-breaking founder of apple, was a refugee from syria URL URL
anonymous to kkk: you can hood, but you can't hide. #opkkk #hoodsoff URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
sorry, mark zuckerberg is not giving $4.5 billion to 1,000 random facebook users URL URL
obama: "we have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country that has no parallel anywhere else in the world" URL
sanders closes to 7 points behind clinton in new iowa poll. URL URL
mass shootings list. reagan - 11 bush sr - 12 clinton - 23 bush jr - 16 obama - 162 #sanbernadino
pres. obama on #sanbernardino: "we have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country." URL URL
the kissing islands, greenland. URL
this is how people in china are riding escalators after a horrific accident URL URL
months ago, rupert murdoch bought national geographic and fired most of writers. this just hit the stands. URL
cops who arrested dylann roof treated him to a burger king URL URL
obama plans executive action on gun control; white house admits it will not prevent mass shootings URL
10,000 refugees expected in austria today, per the red cross. about 20 percent are sick or injured. URL
greek customs captured containers of weapons and ammunition going to refugee camps in europe as "plastic furniture" URL
donald trump's capture, dead or alive, is reportedly worth $100 million to el chapo. URL URL
.@berniesanders says @realdonaldtrump is "using racism as a way to attract votes" #bernieoncnn URL URL
girl killed in her sleep from wearing earbuds while iphone was charging - URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
jay z and beyoncé want to buy rights to the confederate flag: URL URL
the kissing islands, greenland! URL
donald trump is the new adolf hitler URL
the father of steve jobs, the founder of apple, was a refugee from syria URL URL
72 dhs employees on terrorist watch list URL via @kredo0 URL
translucent butterfly - beautiful! URL
obese woman arrested for starving her 7 kids: "there was only enough food for me" URL URL
rt @operation_kkk: official #opkkk #hoodsoff 2015 data release URL with love, anonymous . URL
4 legged chickens: fda confiscates several thousand chickens from kfc farms as mutations worsen URL
first 10,000 syrian refugees arrive in new orleans noticed there are no women or children @realdonaldtrump #tcot URL
breaking: 1st load of 10,000 syrian refugees arrived in new orleans URL #makeamericagreatagain URL
#imachristianbut i wish chick-fil-a was open on sundays.
"thoughts and prayers are not enough." pres. obama speaks on mass shootings over the years: URL URL
72 dhs employees on terrorist watch list - washington free beacon URL
#opkkk releases 500+ names and reveals unexpected #plottwist URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
the kissing islands, greenland. URL
pres. obama on #sanbernardino: "we have a pattern now of mass shootings in this country that has no parallel." URL
did you know that microsoft actually uses dog noses for thumbsticks on the gamecube controller? URL
who said it: donald trump or adolf hitler? URL URL
el chapo vs isis: mexican cartel boss threatens islamic state over drug trade URL URL
nasa recently released imagery showing the deforestation of america …in just 34 years. URL
cops bought the alleged church shooter burger king hours after killings URL
and so it begins…isis flag among refugees in germany fighting the police [pictures] URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
the father of steve jobs, the ground-breaking founder of apple, was a refugee from syria URL URL
#backtothefuture fans, it's october 21, 2015 — the future is finally here! URL URL
donald trump defends christmas, says "maybe we should boycott starbucks" over new red cups: URL URL
this is how people in china are riding escalators after a horrific accident URL URL
everyone mad at bruce for his sex change but no one gave ashit about that nerd minkus changing into chanel west coast URL
mexican drug kingpin 'el chapo' reportedly threatens to destroy isis "p*ssies." URL URL
obese woman arrested for starving her 7 kids: “there was only enough food for me” URL URL
help the red cross provide food, water & cots for refugees across europe. URL   #aidrefugees URL
first load of 10,000 syrian refugees has arrived in new orleans, being resettled unbeknownst to locals #tcot URL
everyone mad at bruce for his sex change but no one gave ashit about that nerd minkus changing into chanel west coast URL
.@johnrlottjr:"the number of ppl killed by mass shootings during obama’s tenure is 424 casualties…paris this year alone has 508 casualties."
people are enraged that starbucks' red cups aren't christmas-y enough URL URL
charleston church shooter dylann roof receives $4 million in donations from supporters - URL URL
breaking news campaign donations link top gop contenders to #dylannroof. #tedcruz returns $8k. URL URL
plumber suing car dealership for $1m after truck he traded in ends up in hands of isis: URL URL
farook family attorney says brothers in the family never saw tashfeen malik's face because she always wore a burka. URL
the stickers on fruit are edible.
reagan (11 mass shootings) bush sr (12 mass shootings) clinton (23 mass shootings) bush jr (16 mass shootings) obama (162 mass shootings)
why have there been more mass shootings under obama than the 4 previous presidents combined? URL URL
ben carson is the most brainless brain surgeon in america. my new column: URL
donald trump v adolf hitler URL
nasa confirms earth will experience 15 days of complete darkness in november 2015 URL
dearborn michigan, this morning. pro isis rally. spread the word, the fit is about to hit the shan here in the us. URL
son of a syrian refugee URL URL
unreal: watch what happens when desperate muslim refugees are offered red cross food URL URL
do these look like the faces of a homeless couple caught living in a walmart attic for over 2 years? URL
translucent butterfly - beautiful! ' URL
latest starving 'refugees' from #syria . these guys look like friggin soldiers to me! URL
florida man sips bud light as he walks down street in only shirt and shoes; says he lost pants and underwear at beach URL
what's lurking underneath that crispy crust? a kfc customer claims he got a fried rat: URL URL
this is how people in china are riding escalators after a horrific accident URL URL
anonymous #opkkk the hoods come off begins with united states senators & mayors URL #hoodsoff URL
jindal demands info about refugees entering new orleans... URL
poll: @hillaryclinton's lead over @berniesanders shrinks as her edge over gop vanishes URL URL
cnn/orc poll: clinton did best in 1st dem debate, but only sanders significantly increased support in past month. URL
adolf hitler vs donald trump URL
cnn/orc poll: donald trump now competitive in general election URL via @jennagiesta URL
poll: @hillaryclinton trails @berniesanders in new hampshire, even without @vp in the race URL URL
#bulgaria finds 10,000 #fake passports hidden by #muslim refugees heading for #germany passports for #terrorists URL
.@presssec: @realdonaldtrump muslim comment "disqualifies" him from presidency URL URL
el chapo puts $100 million bounty on donald trump...dead or alive! URL
happy "$15 minimum wage" labor day from mcdonalds URL
steve jobs' biological father was a syrian immigrant.
holy shit. rupert murdoch just killed national geographic. URL
ben carson: what happened to blacks during slavery is why i am pro-life on abortion today URL URL
remember the man who killed four marines in chattanooga? he was a refugee. URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
cops bought burger king for dylann roof following his arrest URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
new cnn/wmur nh democratic poll: bernie sanders 46 hillary clinton 30 joe biden 14 martin o'malley 2 sept. 17-23, 314 d voters, +/-5.5%
hey @cnnpolitics @cnn where did this poll go? apparantly a lot of people like @berniesanders. you should report that URL
this is how people in china are riding escalators after a horrific accident URL URL
72 dhs employees on terrorist watch list URL via @kredo0 URL
sylvester stallone was so broke before his script for rocky was accepted that he sold his dog for $25. after he bought it back for $15,000.
gop candidates, lawmakers return donations made by leader of racist group cited in dylann roof's manifesto: URL
fda confiscates several thousand chickens from kfc farms as mutations worsen URL URL
alert: don't fall for this new facebook scam URL URL
marilyn monroe and james dean smoking in new york city URL
the myth of zouheir, a "hero muslim security guard" in paris URL (via @bbctrending) URL
desperate ted cruz claims planned parenthood shooter was transgender leftis; based on rumor he read URL
72 dhs employees on the terror watch list: URL h/t @penguinsfan62
#opkkk: #anonymous to reveal identities of 1,000 ku klux klan members URL URL
translucent butterfly - beautiful! URL
dna confirms hakeem from ‘empire’ is jay-z's biological son [read details👇👇👇👇👇🏾👇🏿 URL URL
family: @schwarzenegger's last act as governor stole justice from dead son. URL URL
"you're increasingly compared to hitler. does that bother you?" trump: "no." URL
this is how people in china are riding escalators after a horrific accident URL URL
warning syrian refugees hv arrived in neworlean &they r here 2stay ur funds r being well invested in one-way tickets URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
ironic timing – today first load of 10,000 syrian “refugees” has arrived in new orleans –… URL URL
solo cups have been red for decades. if starbucks was taking a shot at christmas, solo shot first.
the 5 most accurate predictions from the decade-jumping adventures in #backtothefuture: URL URL
a vote for donald trump is a vote for adolf hitler.
actor james earl jones is not dead: URL URL
translucent butterfly URL
.@presssec: @realdonaldtrump comment "disqualifies" him from presidency URL via @talkopan URL
the kissing islands, greenland. URL
10 'back to the future' predictions that came true URL URL
did a real life 'fallen angel' just fall from the sky in london? URL
72 dhs employees on terrorist watch list URL
correct predictions in back to the future ii URL
this dad loved his family so much he got eye enlargement surgery so he could look at them more URL URL
colorado mcdonald’s offers first marijuana friendly smoking section in restaurant - URL
jindal protests sending of syrian refugees to new orleans URL URL
men from #pakistan security forces told reporters to stop probing #tashfeenmalik background or face arrest URL
10 'back to the future' predictions that actually came true URL URL
kim davis angers 'eye of the tiger' creator after using song at prison release URL
ever wonder why the most mass shootings ever have happened under obama? URL via @rebootliberty URL
great scott! #backtothefuture 2 (almost) nailed its 2015 predictions. @hplabs makes theirs: URL URL
today @cnn removed a debate poll where over 80% were for @berniesanders #demdebate #clintonnewsnetwork URL
woman stabs boyfriend for not liking instagram selfie fast enough URL URL
after mass shootings, obama seeks to expand background checks for gun sales by executive order to bypass congress URL
new cnn democratic poll: bernie sanders 46 hillary clinton 30 joe biden 14 martin o'malley 2
reagan (11 mass shootings) bush sr (12 mass shootings) clinton (23 mass shootings) bush jr (16 mass shootings) obama (162 mass shootings)
this is the face of female jihadist #tashfeenmalik could pass for a widow or orphan😤#norefugees #islamistheproblem URL
what? "72 dhs employees found on terrorist watch list" URL
'hoods off': anonymous announces operation to name kkk members URL #opkkk
#wakeupamerica🇺🇸 who needs a #gun registry when #obama has all your personal information URL URL
no, internet, cnn did not delete its poll showing bernie sanders won the democratic debate. URL URL
new seaworld show just elephant drowning in large tank of water with no explanation URL URL
mysterious creature discovered in california, everyone naturally cries alien: URL URL
a russian laboratory has invented a way to remove the black skin layer of black people URL
after arrest, dylann roof was hungry. police bought him food from burger king. more details: URL URL
today first load of obama's 10,000 syrian “refugees” has arrived in new orleans – all single males 18-30 years old URL
but democrats say that syrian refugees are 3 year-old orphans. so why are they worried about them buying guns?
a new cnn/orc poll finds @hillaryclinton ahead of @realdonaldtrump by just 6 points URL URL
in celebrity death hoax news, james earl jones is not dead. URL URL
texas plumber sues car dealership after his truck winds up in isis video: URL URL
first black female gop @repmialove returning donations from alleged white supremacist URL URL
in heaven chick-fil-a is open on sundays.
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
michelle obama says ‘white folks’ are what’s wrong with america URL no michelle you are whats wrong with america
72 dhs employees on terrorist watch list URL
.@realdonaldtrump: what's the secret of my popularity? my looks. i'm very handsome. URL URL
poll: @hillaryclinton trails @berniesanders in new hampshire, even without @vp in the race URL URL
months ago, rupert murdoch bought national geographic and fired most of writers. this just hit the stands. URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
donald trump has been disqualified for running for president URL
happy "$15 minimum wage" labor day from mcdonalds URL
happy #backtothefuture day! how did 'back to the future: part ii' score on 2015 predictions? URL URL
according to anonymous, the next isis target is a wwe event in atlanta. URL URL
‘el chapo’ threatens #isis: ‘my men will destroy you’ - URL URL
police bought #dylannroof food from @burgerking after he was arrested for church shooting: URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
►#anonymous operation #kkk ►ku klux klan, we never stopped watching you URL #opkkk #hoodsoff URL
reagan (11 mass shootings) bush sr (12 mass shootings) clinton (23 mass shootings) bush jr (16 mass shootings) obama (162 mass shootings)
did a real life 'fallen angel' just fall from the sky in london? ‼️‼️ 👉 URL 👈 URL
after police arrested #dylannroof, they went and bought him burger king because he was hungry. #charlestonshooting URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
remember: steve jobs' biological father was a syrian migrant. URL (photo: ap) URL
.@hillaryclinton is ahead of @berniesanders by 19 percentage points, in a new cbs news poll released sunday. URL
fda confiscates several thousand chickens from kfc farms as mutations worsen URL URL
mayors flatly deny klan membership after #anonymous releases names online URL #opkkk #hoodsoff URL
while @cnn is talking about #irandeal nasa confirms earth will experience 15 days of darkness in november 2015 URL
.@hillaryclinton not talking about ’92 clinton-gore confederate campaign button URL URL
muslim security guard stopped bomber from entering the stadium during #parisattacks URL #zouheir URL
plumber suing car dealership for $1m after truck he traded in ends up in hands of isis: URL URL
for everyone who thinks starbucks red cups are ruining christmas URL URL
calling #anonymous collective to fire at all #kkk & affiliated sources on nov 16. URL #opkkk #hoodsoff retweet/share
reagan (11 mass shootings) bush sr (12 mass shootings) clinton (23 mass shootings) bush jr (16 mass shootings) obama (162 mass shootings)
isis flag among refugees in germany fighting the police .. URL #norefugees #rebootliberty URL
florida couple arrested for selling fake real estate on the moon #wtf15 👉🏿👉 URL URL
10 'back to the future' predictions that came true URL URL
poll: @hillaryclinton pulls even with @berniesanders in new hampshire after debate URL URL
'great pacific garbage patch' researchers return with data URL URL
nasa confirms earth will experience 15 days of complete darkness in november 2015 - URL URL
do these look like the faces of a homeless couple caught living in a walmart attic for 2 years? URL
breaking news here oooof #hoodsoff #opkkk #anonops #anonymous #anonfamily #kkk #racism URL
police chief says dylann roof was taken to burger king shortly after arrest URL
shock: 72 'homeland security' employees on terrorist watch list... URL
farting does not burn 67 calories and is not a practical weight loss mechanism: URL URL
breaking: south carolina to ban sale of tylenol. they fear picking of cotton from the bottles may represent slavery. URL
10 'back to the future' predictions that came true URL URL
steve jobs was adopted. his biological father was abdulfattah jandali, a syrian muslim.
el chapo threatens isis URL URL
donald trump and adolf hitler. two sides of the same coin. #racism #fascism URL