ohio lawmakers want to know why state’s epa didn’t tell public about lead leaking into water supply of sebring. URL
poor women in india are fighting for the right to have a job. "when you start working, your heart opens up." URL
spoiler alert: leo and kate were ridiculously cute together at the 2016 #sagawards. URL URL
michael oher got a text from cam newton during the offseason. now, they prepare for #sb50: URL URL
breaking news: gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag URL URL
shooting reported at naval medical center san diego, according to the center's facebook page. URL
man’s anxiety not about to let depression muscle in on turf URL URL
first photos: hostage pressed against a window. #sydneysiege URL
a boy dies after being bitten by a dog in essex, with a woman arrested for allowing a dog to be out of control URL
meet quasimodo, the dog with the short spine URL URL
just in: germanwings plane crashes in southern france, up to 150 feared dead URL
good news: our businesses have added 15 million jobs over the past 77 months → URL URL
usgs: sonic boom confirmed in new jersey area after reports of shaking; cause not immediately known URL
oscars 2016 host chris rock calls event "white bet awards" due to lack of diversity: URL URL
photos of the day URL URL
11 confirmed dead, francois hollande to visit scene of attack - latest from paris: URL URL
underrated person of the year 2015 candidate—the prime minister of singapore URL URL
at least 12 killed in today's attack on satirical magazine #charliehebdo in paris, official says. URL
3-legged dog expected to survive after getting shot while scaring off armed robbers. URL URL
ooh, baby! dickie v loved this reverse dunk by ben simmons. lsu's up double-digits on no. 1 oklahoma: URL
.@tedcruz: "bernie is a socialist and he admits it. hillary is a socialist and she pretends she's not." URL
“seven years ago, auto sales hit a 27 year-low. last year, they hit an all-time high.” —@potus #madeinamerica URL
ray hadley says he spoke with hostage, and could hear the gunman in the background barking orders and demanding to go live on air
oil tanker hijacked off malaysian port of kuantan and taken into indonesian waters, malaysian maritime officials say URL
watch live: as sun goes down, white house lights up rainbow colors to celebrate scotus ruling URL URL
29 times @msleamichele's instagram inspired us to live a healthier life: URL URL
mark zuckerberg is now richer than the koch brothers 💰 URL URL
rudy giuliani rips @hillaryclinton for dragging colin powell into email scandal: "she lies every day." URL
unstoppable! novak djokovic is now a perfect 6-for-6 in australian open finals after his win over andy murray. URL
we've devoted 24 pages to #batman v #superman, interviewing @zacksnyder, @benaffleck, henry cavill, @galgadot... URL
the white house takes on rainbow hues in celebrating #scotusmarriage decision: URL URL
breaking: police enter #lindt cafe, hostages flee URL #sydneysiege URL
alert: tsunami advisory issued for southern california from 3-7 a.m. local time. stay away from ocean and shoreline. #cawx #tsunami
#donaldtrump's son spoke about his father's decision to visit flood-damaged louisiana while pres. obama played golf. URL
geoblock lifted on #abcnews24. streaming coverage of the martin place siege in sydney here URL
there will be cool photos of the white house w rainbow colors tonight but hard to top this one by chuck kennedy. URL
.@potus reflects on the importance of taking his daughters to visit the @holocaustmuseum. #holocaustremembranceday URL
an openly gay man said that he and his partner met with pope francis a day before kim davis did URL
harry potter fans are posting incredibly moving tributes to severus snape and alan rickman: URL URL
13 questions with @madisonbeer, the 16-year-old singer @justinbieber discovered on youtube: URL URL
.@whitehouse in rainbow colors for #scotusmarriage? here's what i think about that decision: URL
jeb bush campaign kicks off 3-state farewell tour with iowa town hall meeting URL URL
alert! islam taught in tennessee schools URL #wakeupamerica #tcot #wethepeople #pjnet #ccot URL
#sydneysiege is over. 2 confirmed dead, #prayforsydney #prayforsydneyhostages #sydney #hostages
hostage taker in sydney cafe demands isis flag and call with australian pm, sky news reports. URL #sydneysiege
#ripnathancirillo rt @globeandmail: soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan cirillo #ottawashooting URL
watch one direction's original #xfactoruk auditions from 2010, where it all began URL URL
turkey's president says all he wants is same powers as hitler URL URL
soldier killed in canada shooting was a young reservist with a six-year-old son URL URL
oh, i'm so ready to watch @zaynmalik's #pillowtalk on mtv tonight at 8:15p. URL URL
the picture of a syrian child "surrendering" to a camera is real. URL URL
breaking - shooting on parliament hill. rcmp have weapons drawn #cdnpoli URL
that superman poster is legit: URL URL
more: police confirm 3 hostages escape sydney cafe, unknown number remain inside URL #sydneysiege
former conservative minister lord cecil parkinson dies aged 84, after suffering from cancer, his family says URL
top north korean diplomat who disappeared from london embassy has defected to south korea, seoul confirms URL
wow! what a way to end this historic day! URL #lovewins #loveislove #equalityforall #lgbt URL
breaking: five explosions heard near bataclan concert hall in paris: reuters witness URL
according to seven, this is a picture of the gunman URL
ooh, baby! icymi: dickie v loved this reverse dunk by freshman phenom ben simmons. URL
woah, nature. URL URL
the vatican insists pope francis’ encounter with kim davis was not endorsement of her views URL URL
#breaking gunman in policewoman killing suspected in new paris hostage-taking: source
senior u.s. official: canadian government has informed u.s. that one shooter is dead in ottawa. live blog: URL
pop legend prince has died at 57: URL URL
the @whitehouse is lit up in a rainbow #lovewins URL
black islamic flag being held up in window of #lindt chocolate store in martin place, sydney - hostages inside. URL
our thoughts and prayers go out to nathan cirillo who died today in ottawa while protecting his country at age 24 URL
will you watch thursday’s #gopdebate if @realdonaldtrump is not on stage? URL
#breaking charlie hebdo gunmen's hostage freed and safe after police assault
#breaking: hostages are being held and a siege is taking place at sydney's lindt chocolat cafe in martin place.
hostage situation erupts in sydney cafe, australian prime minister says it may be "politically motivated" URL
we hope you're as excited about thursday as this kid was about lebron's easy basket: URL
see the white house light up as a rainbow to celebrate gay marriage URL URL
denver medical center on lockdown; 9 at hospitals after deadly incident at denver coliseum URL URL
if they can light up the white house like a rainbow for gay pride, it sure as hell better be red, white & blue for independence day. merica.
white house is aglow in the colors of the rainbow celebrating the supreme court's same-sex marriage decision. URL
***exclusive*** michael zahaf-bibeau caught on a #dashcam model sold at URL #ottawashooting URL
watch bernie sanders sing "this land is your land" with vampire weekend at iowa students rally URL
jeb bush campaign kicks off 3-state farewell tour with iowa town hall meeting URL URL
"i almost started crying ... but i didn't want them to make me the crying face instead of jordan." --draymond green URL
clarissa, 27 years old, police trainee of montrouge police in #france. victim of this morning's attack. via @_batou_ URL
“our team boasts the most women who have ever competed for any nation at any olympic games.” —@potus on @teamusa: URL
#onceuponatime's @colinodonoghue1: dark hook is like a "pissed-off boyfriend" URL @onceabc URL
two shot in paris, including traffic cop, as manhunt continues for #charliehebdo suspects URL URL
"today’s progress...these things are a reminder of what we can achieve when we lead with strength and wisdom." —@potus on progress with iran
only photo i will tweet. cpr being performed on the soldier now. i heard four shots. #ottawa URL
what a rally for no. 1. oklahoma came back from 14 down and won 77-75 at lsu on this late jumper: URL
#breaking - at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket: (afp) URL #vincennes URL
icymi: somehow lebron came out in shorts that didn't match the rest of his team ... so he had to change mid-quarter. URL
a head-on collision with another planet may have created our moon, researchers say URL URL
paramedics are currently carrying out a number of hostages in #martinpl. #sydneysiege #9news
us trying to locate americans missing in baghdad after al-arabiya reports they may have been kidnapped by militias URL
at least 12 dead in the paris shooting. updated story and background info: URL #charliehebdo URL
the @who predicts 3 to 4 million cases of #zikavirus that is spreading through americas URL
of the 54 killed by young suicide bomber at wedding in turkey, 22 were under the age of 14. URL URL
breaking news: soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa URL
hero. @affanchowdhry: kevin vickers, head of security in parliament, being credited for taking down shooter #ottawa URL "
the white house bathed in rainbow #scotusgaymarriage URL
white house lit in rainbow colors following us supreme court ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry. URL
study: minimum wage increases haven't hurt the restaurant industry. URL
vanessa hudgens' father, gregory hudgens, dies the night before "grease: live" URL URL
#teenwolf starts in 5 minutes! rt if you're watching + tweeting + crying + screaming with @mtvteenwolf & me! URL
developing: gunman takes hostages in sydney cafe, 'isis' flags being held against window - URL URL
very reliable source on parliament hill tells me the assailant has been killed. #cdnpoli #ottnews
.@stephenfhayes: "this is about hrc having made repeated representations that have turned out to be false." URL
full statement from pm abbott on #sydneysiege #martinplace #lindt. URL
email: michigan officials gave bottled water to state employees a year before flint residents got it URL
escaped #sydneysiege hostage, elly chen, a top student and skilled sportswoman URL URL
#germanwings "sorry to confirm" 144 passengers & 6 crew on board flight #4u9525 when it crashed in french alps URL
actor abe vigoda has died at 94 URL URL
the white house is lit like a rainbow tonight in honor of the #scotusmarriage ruling. URL
theres' a double rainbow over the white house URL
.@potus ✓ spinach ✓ some adorable kids ✓ and an #mlkday service project. watch: URL URL
a crow tries to fight an eagle—gets a free ride instead: URL
more shots fired just off parliament hill. police telling everyone to take cover.
governor whose marriage would have been a crime 50 years ago: we've never had racist laws URL URL
isis claims responsibility for triple bombing that killed at least 45 people and injured more than 100 near damascus. URL
tv channels have chosen not to show videos of hostages relaying #sydneysiege gunman's demands. URL URL
reports: #charliehebdo suspects killed URL
update - afp: an unnamed police source says the killing of the policewoman in #paris on thursday is linked to the #charliehebdo attack
paris manhunt: 3 #charliehebdo attackers with ak-47 rifles & reportedly rocket-propelled grenade still at large URL
update - afp says gunman who has taken a hostage at kosher supermarket in paris believed to be suspect in killing of policewoman on thursday
white house lit in rainbow colors following us supreme court ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry. URL
#update three men including two brothers identified in france newspaper attack: source URL #jesuischarlie #charliehebdo
#breaking : both charlie hebdo suspects killed as police storm building (police sources) URL URL
oh. so now the #ferguson police chief says the cop didn't know about the robbery when he stopped #mikebrown. the kid was "jaywalking"? bs!
judge: hillary clinton must respond under oath to questions from conservative legal watchdog URL URL
nothing to see here. just nuggets forward wilson chandler catching a 350-pound fish: URL URL
trayvon martin at space camp in florida. #blacklivesmatter URL
this is how the white house celebrated what obama called "a victory for america." #lovewins URL URL
the white house tonight is illuminated in rainbow colors to honor and celebrate marriage equality. bravo! URL
the gunman in ottawa has been shot and killed. i'm at a loss for words this morning. that isn't my canada.
.@greysabc season 13 will focus on the "originals" URL #greysanatomy URL
report: las vegas sands to propose $1 billion domed stadium to possibly draw nfl franchise - fox5 las vegas URL
white house set aglow with rainbow pride URL | ap photo URL
haron monis,hostage-taker in #sydney: fled #iran 96,suspect in ex-wife killing,46 sex assaults URL URL
"dewshine" drink suspected in deaths of tennessee teens. URL
today's the day: if you don't have health insurance, make sure you #getcovered at URL now! URL
prime minister tony abbott's statement on the #sydneysiege. updates: URL URL
sacha baron cohen and his wife donate $1 million to syrian refugees URL URL
.@potus on declaring a federal emergency in #flint, michigan to supplement state and local response efforts. URL
a clever marketing campaign by norwegian airlines. / via URL URL
4 miners now rescued from mine in china's shandong after 36 days underground - state media URL URL
president obama announces ban on solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons - washington post URL
the white house was lit up with rainbow lights to celebrate marriage equality: URL URL
police move in: police confirm live ammunition used in martin place #sydneysiege
#quasimodo: dog with short spine has big heart URL URL
'plane wreckage' found in thailand prompts speculation it might belong to malaysian airlines flight mh370 - reuters URL
.@arianagrande just created a unisex fragrance named after her brother: URL URL
us swimmer jimmy feigen to pay $11,000 to charity as part of deal to settle brazil robbery dispute - us media URL
french police hunting woman who was with an armed man arrested near disneyland paris. URL
the people have spoken: there is now a petition for @snoopdogg to narrate "planet earth" URL URL
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson #afp URL
white house lit in rainbow colors following us supreme court ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry. URL
french police publishes photos of suspect in yesterday's montrouge shooting. maybe the same persons in kosher market URL
"an attack on any faith is an attack on all our faiths." —@potus at @israelinusa
vatican says #kimdavis' meeting w/ #popefrancis 'should not be considered a form of support.' URL URL
icymi: joseph pena squatted 875 pounds. he's 17 years old ... URL
photo: white house lit in rainbow colors after high court's gay marriage ruling URL URL
"i hate writing; i love having written." dorothy parker was born on this day in 1893: URL
look: @whitehouse lights up in rainbow colors to celebrate #scotus same-sex marriage ruling URL
five hostages have escaped the besieged lindt cafe in #sydney | our latest update: URL URL
the white house goes rainbow to celebrate supreme court marriage ruling URL URL
keeping vanessa hudgens in our thoughts. her dad greg died last night from cancer: URL URL
watch live: as sun goes down, white house lights up rainbow colors to celebrate scotus ruling URL URL
uber sydney trips from cbd will be free for riders. higher rates are still in place to encourage drivers to get into the cbd.
police taking people out of #paris grocery where hostages were being held. URL
developing: police pursuing #charliehebdo shooting suspects, helicopters deployed - live feed: URL URL
iran's supreme leader awards medals to troops who 'captured' u.s. sailors URL URL
iran announces that washington post reporter jason rezaian and three iranian americans have been freed from prison URL
god put a rainbow over the white house 🌈 URL
london jury acquits five out of six brokers who were on trial, accused of manipulating the libor interest rate URL
vatican official says there is "a sense of regret" that pope francis met with kim davis: URL URL
"if you could compete in any olympic event, what would you choose?" —@potus asks @flotus: URL URL
nsw police confirm 5 hostages have emerged from #sydneysiege and they are negotiating: "it might take a bit of time" URL
uber says it has hiked prices in sydney to "encourage more drivers to come online & pick up passengers." URL #sydneysiege
at least 11 dead in shooting at hq of #charliehebdo in #paris (police source) URL
the white house is glowing with pride URL | ap photo URL
31 "travel-associated" cases of zika virus reported in 11 u.s. states + d.c. this year and last, cdc says. URL
erdoğan cites hitler's germany as example of effective government URL
#charliehebdo - 11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting. photo @martinbureau1 #afp URL
in asu's curtain of distraction, michael phelps brought out his gold medals and speedo to do the trick. it worked. URL
is the truth out there? 👽 in nod to @thexfiles, @cia releases hundreds of declassified docs URL URL
women in america still earn only $0.79 for every $1 men make. it's time for #equalpay → URL URL
on israeli tv, an israeli woman speaks of her nephew,a mother with 6 month old baby, held hostage in the supermarket in paris. #jesuisjuif
end of the line for land rover defender as emission rules kill off iconic 4x4 URL #bbcgofigure URL
waiting for the new episode of #teenwolf like... URL
#breaking news: shots fired at parliament hill. follow developing story: URL URL
.@dylanobrien learned the hard way to not mess with @shelleyhennig: URL URL
charlie hebdo shooting latest: 12 dead and gunmen still at large URL URL
watch: tommy chong made a pro-bernie sanders video URL URL
breaking: the @whitehouse is celebrating with us tonight lit up in rainbow colors. #lovewins URL
"we have now cut off every single path that iran could have used to build a bomb." —@potus #irandeal URL
anne frank was a refugee denied entrance to the united states URL #syrianrefugees URL
central sydney shut down by police amid ongoing hostage situation: URL
need to #getcovered? most people can find a health insurance plan for as little as $75/mo: URL URL
the university of ottawa, just a five minute walk from the hill, is now on lockdown.
apologies if you've already seen a crow riding a bald eagle today. image: phoo chan story: URL URL
breaking news: new york times is reporting the canadian soldier who was shot has died from their injuries. heartbreaking. #cdnpoli #ableg
nasa astronaut @stationcdrkelly captures a beautiful sunrise from aboard the international space station. URL
trump hopes for reversal on same-sex-marriage URL | ap photo URL
police seem relaxed, suggesting all hostages are out and gunman no longer a threat URL #sydneysiege
china's economy grew by 6.9% in 2015, marking its slowest growth in 25 years. URL
#isis media account posts picture claiming to be michael zehaf-bibeau, dead #ottawashooting suspect. #canada URL
#ripchyna: the wwe icon has passed away at the age of 45. URL URL
live updates: siege in sydney cafe URL
several people being held hostage at a sydney cafe. australian tv showing people with hands up against a window: URL
"these colors celebrate a new chapter in the history of american civil rights." #lovewins URL URL
sydney hostage-taker - man monis, 49 - originally from iran - self-styled sheikh - accused of sexually assaulting 7 women developing..
obama; - hours to light up white house in rainbow colors for gay marriage. - 5 days to lower flag for dead marines. URL
mps credit sergeant-at-arms for saving lives in parliament hill shootings URL URL
three men found guilty of involvement in "largest burglary in english legal history" at hatton garden URL
wow. anthony johnson's knockout win is the 3rd-quickest finish in @ufc light heavyweight history (0:13). #ufc202 URL
here's that dramatic video via @josh_wingrove of shots fired inside parliament building: URL #ottawa #shooting
pope francis’ meeting wasn’t an endorsement of kim davis, vatican says URL
police convoy and helicopters are rushing to scene to detain charlie hebdo massacre suspects URL URL
we can see people coming out a firedoor near the lindt cafe to waiting police. 2-3 people. hard to see. #sydneysiege
an openly gay man said that he and his partner met with pope francis a day before kim davis did URL
this is the soldier who died today at the #ottawa war memorial. his name is cpl. nathan cirillo. #rip #ottawastrong URL
whole foods' selling asparagus water is a sign the end times are near URL URL
elvis presley made his tv debut 60 years ago today. look back at his history on the tube URL URL
the canadian soldier killed in today's ottawa shooting is cpl. nathan cirillo, a family source told cnn. live blog: URL
beck on david bowie: "he’s always been a guidepost for me" URL URL
breaking: live coverage of hostage situation unfolding in sydney's martin place URL URL
olympics: us women win basketball gold for 6th consecutive olympics, routing spain in final. URL URL
#breaking: police have confirmed that the #sydneysiege is over. #9news
zika virus "spreading explosively" around the americas, who director-general says. URL
‘i can’t do this anymore,’ think 320 million americans quietly going about day URL URL
jeb bush: "donald, you're not going to be able to insult your way to the presidency." cheer from the audience #nprdebate
.@realdonaldtrump slams @hillaryclinton: “the job of an elected official is to serve the citizens of the u.s.” URL
white house shines rainbow-colored lights in honor of #scotus gay marriage decision #lovewins URL URL
the terps do it again! no. 8 maryland knocks off no. 3 iowa 74-68, has beaten 5 of its last 7 top-5 opponents. URL
today, the @deptofdefense took steps to expand paid leave for military moms and dads → URL URL
breaking news: pope francis’ encounter with kim davis wasn’t an endorsement of her views, the vatican says. URL
danish lawmakers approve bill allowing seizure of asylum seekers' valuables to help cover expenses. URL
.@realbencarson: "what good does it do a man to gain the whole world & to lose his soul?" URL
kate winslet congratulating leonardo dicaprio after his #sagawards win is everything 💕 URL URL
nasa's curiosity rover sends back a selfie from a sand dune in mars: URL URL
these louisiana politicians are demanding flood aid, but voted against sandy relief URL URL
audio recordings reveal cpr started 11 minutes after staff found gynnya mcmillen URL URL
remembering the talented singer aaliyah on what would have been her 37th birthday: URL URL
fbi uncovers nearly 15,000 more emails and materials sent to or from hillary clinton. URL URL
america's first muslim female judge; carolyn walker-diallo. URL
when she heard about south korean "comfort women," @yunghi photographed some survivors URL URL
german shepherd with a rare spinal condition looking for a forever home. URL URL
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson #afp URL
shooting in canadian parliament comes day after isis-inspired radical drove in2 canadian soldier. also reports of shooting at war memorial/1
in china, 77% of jobs are threatened by automation URL URL
kosovo war crimes court to be set up in the hague, dutch government says URL
hostages in sydney cafe made to hold up islamic flags URL
watch video showing gunfire inside canada's parliament in ottawa URL URL
orphanage saved by bikini car wash URL URL
i’m celebrating #backtothefuture day by bemoaning the lack of hoverboards while ignoring the fact that my phone contains all human knowledge
confirmed | 1 shooter shot dead at parliament hill, but there is more than 1 suspect. #cbcott #ottnews
breaking update: canadian soldier injured at parliament hill shooting dies URL #ottawa
man held at disneyland paris carrying "low-calibre" guns & copy of koran - police sources URL URL
renting vs. owning a home: a side-by-side comparison URL URL
#ausopen: british number one andy murray beats australia's sam groth 6-0 6-4 6-1 scores: URL URL
#breaking reports two customers and an employee have escaped the #sydneysiege URL
looking at eddie redmayne looking at alicia vikander is making us all kinds of emotional. #sagawards URL
an adorable young fan asked riley curry to be his valentine ... and steph responded: URL URL
chiefs te travis kelce will have his own reality tv dating show: URL URL
#breaking rick hughes at cbc hamilton: the soldier who was shot in ottawa wednesday morning is a reservist serving in hamilton
whole foods' $6 asparagus water is just water with three stalks of asparagus in it URL URL
judy carne, ‘sock it to me girl’ on ‘laugh-in,’ dies at 76 URL
theres' a double rainbow over the white house URL
happy #nationalhugday! URL
war has come again in the #the100 season 3 trailer URL @cwthe100 @miselizajane @wildpipm URL
#nhl cancels tonight's game between #ottawa and #toronto due to today's shootings. senators were to host maple leafs.
french police: said kouachi and cherif kouachi wanted in paris terror attack: URL URL
afp: suspected #charliehebdo gunmen have been killed
.@theweeknd donates $250,000 to black lives matter URL via @cnnent URL
uk heterosexual couple who want to enter civil partnership rather than marry lose challenge at london's high court URL
u.s. justice department to end use of private prisons. URL
7 years ago today, @potus was sworn into office. here's a look at how far we've come since. URL
#breaking hostages held inside sydney cafe, islamic flag held up
holy christ, #samuraijack is returning to television! URL URL
it’s a three-peat! team usa routs serbia 96-66 to win its third-straight and 15th basketball gold medal. URL
katy perry -- makes holiday wish come true for burn victim URL
stills from eyewitness video show two #charliehebdo attackers wearing hoods & black clothing shoot a wounded man URL
eleven dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo – live updates URL
red alert! drake just dropped a new single called, "summer sixteen" from his new album. URL URL
clinton ominously tells iowan supporters to mark front doors with campaign logo before sundown URL
mook spooked: hillary manager predicts trump will win presidency if nominated!
1.15 million americans have been killed by guns since john lennon's death URL URL
shots fired on parliament hill after a man walked up with a gun. i'm locked in a security office on parliament hill
7 years ago, @potus bet big on rescuing the american auto industry. here's how it paid off: URL URL
live from the white house...in rainbow colors. hundreds of people...hundreds URL
icymi: a dog accidentally stumbled into the middle of a local half marathon ... and earned 7th place. URL
north carolina town rejects solar panels for sucking "up all the energy from the sun.” URL URL
breaking: canada has four recent cases of #zika, all from travelers: public health agency
"when americans are freed and reunited with their families, that’s something we can all celebrate." —@potus URL
five hostages escape sydney cafe siege — live updates from @buzzfeedoz URL URL
it's 2016. women should earn the same pay as men for doing the same work. URL #equalpay URL
and jake makes that one more for team kal-el... let us know which side you're on with '#empirebvs'. URL
an openly gay man said that he and his partner met with pope francis a day before kim davis did URL
breaking: at least 10 killed in shooting at french satirical newspaper charlie hebdo, paris prosecutor's office says. URL
police have surrounded this building where the suspected #charliehebdo attackers are holed-up URL URL
"people do not smile during a seizure while standing upright and then immediately launch into a coherent sentence." URL
#breaking: at least two people have died following the #sydneysiege. 5 people are being treated by paramedics.
this is shot that captures the #sydneysiege: sheer terror/relief of escaped hostages, incredible work of @nswpolice URL
tyronn lue, the east all-star coach, has coached 3 games. his west counterpart, gregg popovich? 1,538 games. URL
the soldier shot dead in wednesday's ottawa attacks has been named as cpl. nathan cirillo of #hamont #ottawashooting URL
apple announces most profitable quarter in u.s. history—and the end of unprecedented growth URL URL
tim allen compares clintons to herpes: 'just when you think gone, they show up again'... URL
breaking charlie hebdo latest: 11 dead 10 wounded (five critical) two gunmen unaccounted for URL URL
it's been 5 years since "what makes you beautiful" lit up our world like nobody else: URL URL
the @whitehouse is rainbow-colored tonight in celebration of scotus same-sex marriage ruling. URL URL
up to 100 masked men, dressed in black, involved in "migrant attack" in stockholm URL URL
uber intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege URL URL
body found in north carolina of virginia girl, 13, missing since wednesday. virginia tech student has been charged. URL
valerie jarrett organized white house rainbow lights URL URL
breaking: 10 reportedly shot dead at paris hq of french weekly charlie hebdo URL
jakarta attacks: #kamitidaktakut hashtag shows indonesians are not afraid URL
as sun goes down, white house lights up rainbow colors to celebrate scotus ruling: URL URL
"our high school graduation rate is at an all-time high." —@potus URL URL
jimmy fallon and sesame street characters photobomb families & it's seriously adorable: URL URL
white house lit in rainbow colors after gay marriage ruling URL URL
white house shines rainbow-colored lights in honor of #scotus gay marriage decision #lovewins URL URL
an 11-month old baby is among the hostages at the kosher supermarket in paris. unbearably sad. URL
whole foods tests the limits of yuppie diet fads with new $6 asparagus water - URL URL
merkel says refugees must return home once war is over URL
breaking: a source confirms to cp24 that the deceased soldier in ottawa is cpl. nathan cirillo. cirillo was a member of the hamilton argylls
it's gregg popovich's 67th birthday and there's one thing we know he's not doing tonight. URL
update: 12 now confirmed dead in #charliehebdo attack in paris, @ap is reporting. story: URL (ap) URL
stiles (and the rest of us) just wants lydia to wake up on #teenwolf tonight at 9/8c: URL URL
recap: gunman shot dead inside parliament buildings; police believe there may be others on loose. cdn soldier shot earlier at war memorial.
the lion’s share of collaborative work tends to fall on women. and it's exhausting. URL URL
us imposes sanctions on iranian companies and individuals over missile programme, after lifting of nuclear sanctions URL
nation's dog owners demand to know who's a good boy URL URL
saliha is one of the first women ever to stand for election in saudi arabia: watch her story URL URL
#rcmp to hold news conference on #ottawa shootings at 2 pm et, 11 am pt. watch live coverage @ URL
"my dad is in the air force and that inspired me to have my back up job be president" —lily: URL URL
"let's not make the next two weeks about a 'black qb.' let's just talk about the greatness of this guy." -c. barkley URL
the @whitehouse is lit up like a rainbow! #lovewins URL
hostage-taker in supermarket siege killed, reports say. #parisattacks URL URL
this afternoon we've lowered our flags to half mast in honour of the canadian reservist who lost his life in ottawa. URL
breaking news: at least 3 shots fired at ottawa war memorial. one soldier confirmed shot - URL URL
google agrees to pay £130m in back taxes after "open audit" of its accounts by uk tax authorities URL
a tiny alpine town in northern italy just welcomed its first baby in 28 years 🍼👶 URL URL
police: negotiators are now in contact with armed hostage-taker in sydney situation; motive remains unknown - URL
the white house is lit up rainbow. URL
white house lit in rainbow colors after high court's gay marriage ruling (with photo) URL
"the dave i know is polite, modest, and content. jumbotron dave is crass and loud." URL URL
japan's economy minister akira amari resigns over corruption allegations URL
bro there's either a black president in a rainbow whitehouse or i'm having the best trip ever
white house set aglow with rainbow pride URL | ap photo URL
local media: 3 people appear to escape from martin place, sydney, café, amid hostage situation - @abcnews URL
"let's not make the next two weeks about a 'black qb.' let's just talk about the greatness of this guy." -c. barkley URL
sydney siege: police enter cafe as hostages flee the scene, gunfire heard, reports of an injured person – live URL
.@potus will make his latest push to advance equal pay for women today URL URL
man armed with knife on swiss train starts fire - seven people hospitalised with knife wounds and burns, police say URL
white house lit in rainbow colors following us supreme court ruling that same-sex couples have right to marry. URL
after eluding capture for years, 2 mafia bosses arrested in underground bunker in southern italy. URL
1.15 million americans have been killed by guns since john lennon's death URL
adorable but frightened sloth rescued from side of highway in ecuador URL URL
investigations into nearly 60 allegations of unlawful killing against uk soldiers in iraq are dropped, mod says URL
powell breaks silence: clintons trying to 'pin' scandal on me! URL
the oregon militia idiots would like you to stop mailing them dildos, please URL URL
breaking: three hostages appear to have escaped the sydney cafe where a siege remains ongoing. URL #sydneyseige
map shows industrial estate where 2 #charliehebdo suspects are holed up, surrounded by police URL URL
police confirm that #sydneysiege is finally over. two people reportedly injured after suffering gunshot wounds URL
there's a rainbow over the white house right now, just the same as when dublin had one the day ireland legalized URL
russian olympic officials concerned after learning team’s clean urine reservoir almost empty URL URL
#charliehebdo killers shot dead by police
breaking update: gunman says four devices are located around sydney. security response underway. police calling for calm. 9news
if they can light up the white house like a rainbow, it sure as hell better be red, white & blue for independence day.
obama 2008:"i support traditional marriage, christians vote for me" obama 2015:"the white house is a rainbow. bring me my unicorn" merica.
anne frank's stepsister says trump "is acting like another hitler": URL URL
france: 10 people dead after shooting at hq of satirical weekly newspaper #charliehebdo, according to witnesses URL
a man believed to be the gunman filmed wearing a black headband inside the cafe URL URL
gay marriage ruling? white house in rainbow colors within hours. 4 murdered marines & a murdered sailor? 5 days to lower the flag. nice.
french police still searching for woman who may have been accompanying 28-year-old man arrested at disneyland paris URL
breaking: two hostage situations in france are linked, paris prosecutor says
pope francis expected to fire the archbishop who tricked him into meeting kim davis URL
nfl: diagnosed concussions rose by nearly 32 percent this season. URL URL
flag in window of sydney lindt cafe not an isis flag. reads: ‘there is no god but allah and muhammad is the messenger of god’ (@liztilley84)
lego’s first-ever figurine in a wheelchair is prompting ‘genuine tears of joy’ URL
update: canada's prime minister @justintrudeau says five people are dead in school shooting URL URL
north korea 'planning some kind of rocket launch' us officials say, citing increased activity at test site URL
i haven't stopped watching #pillowtalk all weekend (and i'm not even sorry): URL URL
powell: don't 'pin' this on me: ex-secretary of state rejects clinton claim he 'told her to use' email server URL
tony the tiger has no more cummies left to give URL URL
at least 30 people killed in double blast near shia shrine of sayyida zeinab, south of damascus - syrian state media URL
study links clinical depression to getting dunked on URL URL
iranian surveillance drone flies over u.s. aircraft carrier in persian gulf URL URL
update: total of 5 people have been able to get out of sydney cafe during hostage situation: URL URL
reports on @channeltennews #sydneysiege gunman wants #isil flag delivered to cafe and he also wants to speak to pm or people will be killed.
paul kantner was jefferson airplane's conceptual heart. here are 12 essential songs URL URL
oh, you invented the pencil? #appleevent URL
witness: police allegedly stopped mike brown after yelling at him to walk on sidewalk. #ferguson URL
#wakeupamerica heads need to roll! school forcing non-muslims to praise islam URL #bansharia URL
check out new steps we're taking to expand access to meals for the kids who need it most: URL URL
watch live: as sun goes down, white house lights up rainbow colors to celebrate scotus ruling URL URL
woman a leading authority on what shouldn’t be in poor people’s grocery carts URL URL
ctv news confirms that canadian authorities have provided us authorities with the name michael zehaf-bibeau in connection to ottawa shooting
statement from prime minister tony abbott on sydney hostage situation. URL
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa URL #cdnpoli #hw
judy carne, "laugh-in’s" "sock it to me" girl, dies at 76 URL URL
whole foods called out for selling $6 "asparagus water," water with stalks of asparagus in it URL URL
meet our new fave celebrity couple: leonardo dicaprio and his vape pen URL URL
just a crow riding an eagle, nbd. URL URL
watch zayn malik's surreal "pillowtalk" video, featuring gigi hadad URL URL
president putin "probably" approved ex-russian spy alexander litvinenko's assassination in 2006, inquiry finds URL
here's why @potus is taking steps to ban solitary confinement for low-level infractions: URL URL
eiffel tower displays colors of france's flag to pay tribute to victims of #parisattacks: URL URL
michael phelps' gold medals and speedo crashed asu's "curtain of distraction" last night. you read that right. URL
breaking @skybusiness: freed hostage borne high from #sydneysiege w/c.4 paramedic teams on the scene URL ( carsonscottli
white house lit in rainbow colors after today's historic supreme court ruling #scotusmarriage URL
justin trudeau: i will raise my sons as feminists URL URL
the guardian front page, tuesday 12 january 2016: david bowie 1947-2016 URL